21
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                   
                              Conclu sion—
                         Earth Changes Potential
                           PLANETARY SHIELDS CRISIS, SEALS AND EARTH CHANGES
       It is important to realize that the “Seven Seals and Four Horsemen”
story of Jehovian Biblical Revelations is a colorfully encoded depiction of
tangible events  of science, technology , the mechanics of planetary physics
and the intentions of the Fallen Angelic visitors, as these elements would
emerge within the 2000-2017 Stellar Activation Cycle (SAC). Presently the
hidden realities of the natural 12 Planetary Star Crystal Seals  and unnatural
Seven Jehovian Seals  (see page 419) have a tremendous bearing upon what
humanity will experience between now and 2008.  
     The 12 natural Star Crystal Seals in Earth’ s Planetary Shields
sequentially and automatically release or “open” in response to the
progressive Stellar Wave Infusions (frequency infusions) generated by the
opening of Earth’s 12 Primary Star Gates. Release of the natural Seals alone
can cause cataclysmic Earth Changes during a SAC, if the Planetary Shields
are not functioning properly. Due to the effects of the Nibiruian Diodic
Crystal Grid (NDC-Grid) technology that has created progressive distortion
within Earth’s Planetary Shields since 25,500 BC,  Earth’ s core scalar-wave
template has suffered extensive damage.  Emerald Covenant Guardian
Nations were faced with a huge challenge in keeping Earth’s Planetary
Shields stabilized  during the 2000-2017 SAC, even before the damage to
Earth’s grids was profoundly increased through the progression of Fallen
Angelic/Illuminati One World Order (OWO) agendas since 1930.  
      V arious Emerald Covenant nations would have liked to have initiated
direct, physical, public contact with the inhabitants of Earth by 1930, so that
this pending planetary crisis could have been handled cooperatively and
directly from surface Earth locations. If it were not for the fact that Human
and Illuminati governments chose to honor the 1930s Zeta Treaties rather
than to accept the Guardians’ offer of Emerald Covenant entry, first contact
with Guardian nations and direct repair of Earth’s Planetary Shields would
have already taken place.  
      As circumstances have dictated since 1930, and even since 9558 BC,
Emerald Covenant nations could not directly intervene via mass physical
contact. If Guardians had attempted mass physical contact, various Fallen
426 
            


                                                          
                                                            Planetary Shields Crisis, Seals and Earth Changes
Angelic legions would have immediately brought this covert intergalactic/
interdimensional war “out into the open,” and human civilizations would
have been decimated by overt Fallen Angelic/Intruder ET warfare waged on
Earth’s territories.  
      If the Illuminati and Human races within the Interior W orld
Government had chosen Emerald Covenant rather than Zeta Treaties in the
1930s, Guardian races could have worked with them to peacefully seal Earth’s
Star Gate and portal system—the Falcon Wormhole (see page 367)—and to
disengage the NDC-Grid. This would have prevented further Fallen Angelic
infiltration and Earth’s Planetary Shields could have been sufficiently
repaired in time for the 2000-2017 SAC. Covert World Management Team
cooperation with the Guardians’ world-freedom agenda in the l930s would
have permitted members of the Sirius-B Maharaji races to be “smuggled” in
to Earth territories without engaging the suspicions and retaliation of Fallen
Angelic legions. Earth’s Templar would have been reclaimed from Fallen
Angelic control and Humanity would have been restored to its rightful place
as Guardians of Earth’s Templar. “ Would’a-Could’a-Should’a ” Hindsight is
the greatest foresight . Unfortunately, Illuminati and Human members of the
covert Interior Government did not accept the 1930 opportunity for a
peaceful resolution and, equally as unfortunate, the Anunnaki races chose to
join the United Intruder Resistance (UIR) OWO dominion campaign on
September 12, 2000. And here we all sit in 2001 as the long-anticipated Final
Conﬂict drama begins the emergence into physical manifestation. The
greatest danger  to Earth populations at this time is posed by the '' Seven
Jehovian Seals '' and the fact that the natural 12-Star Crystal Seals  in
Earth’s Planetary Shields have now begun to open  into severely damaged
Planetary Shields. The damage to Earth’s grids has already reached crisis
proportions, and the UIR intends to amplify this condition beyond repair by
2003.  
      Even in SACs that proceed smoothly , each time a natural Planetary
Star Crystal Seal activates, the frequencies it releases into Earth’s
Planetary Shields progressively exerts nucleic stress  within the
molecules of Earth’s tectonic plates. In areas of the planet where
Planetary Shield distortions  exist, the molecular structure of Earth’ s
plates experiences weakened resistance and less flexibility from this
nucleic stress. The climatic/weather patterns  in such areas become less
stable,  and the tectonic plates become vulnerable to seismic activity .
Each of the natural 12 Planetary Seals releases a progressively higher-
dimensional frequency spectrum  into Earth’ s Shields, thus exerting a
progressively increasing amount of nucleic stress within Earth’s tectonic
plates, which is difficult enough to contend with in areas of Planetary
Shields distortions without adding the unnatural “Seven Jehovian
Seals ” to the mess, which spells '' pending crisis ''—a crisis the Emerald
Covenant nations are presently trying desperately to avoid via remote
frequency transmission into Earth’s Planetary Shields. Without assistance
from Human and Indigo Children in “anchoring” these frequencies into
                 Earth’s Shields via Rainbow Roundtables (RRTs)  and Masters Planetary  
                       Merkaba Mechanics,  Guardian efforts to prevent this crisis would fail.        
                          427  
                                                                                                                                            

                       
                        
                          Conclusion— Earth Changes Potential
The unnatural Seven Jehovian Seals are a despicable atrocity of
technological ''achievement .'' 
      Since 10,500 BC, the implanted crystalline rods of the Jehovian Seals
have lain dormant in Earth’s crust and mantle like hidden “missiles,”
designed to progressively rip Earth’s Planetary Shields apart as Earth’s 12
natural Seals proceed through their opening cycle during the 2000-2017
SAC. Each Jehovian Seal “opens”  and begins activating its frequencies
in Earth's Templar when its corresponding Organic Seal enters its
activation cycle in response to Earth’s particle pulsation (vibration/
oscillation) rhythm. The chaotically arranged, unnatural frequencies of
the Jehovian Seal (the “rider” or “Horseman”) bond to the natural
frequencies transmitted by the Organic Star Crystal Seal (the “Horse”).
The “rider” frequency silently moves with the natural frequency current
into the Axiatonal and Ley Line (ALL) system  corresponding to the
Organic Seal, progressively reversing  the natural Angular-Rotation-of
Particle-Spin ( ARPS , the particle spin axis) within the frequencies of
electromagnetic energy moving through the ALLs. As the currents of
frequency moving through the ALL system progressively reverse to the
unnatural ARPS of the Phantom Matrix , the corresponding portions of
Earth’s Planetary Shields are drawn into electromagnetic bonding with
the D-7 Phantom Arcturus Planetary Shields. The first three Jehovian
Seals reverse the ARPS on the three ALL networks to which they
correspond. The related areas of Earth's Planetary Shields do not begin
ripping apart to bond with the Phantom Matrix until the opening of the
Fourth Jehovian Seal—the ''Pale Horseman .'' 
      Once a SAC has commenced, as the current SAC did on January 1,
2000,  Guardian nations cannot stop or prevent the natural Organic Seal, or
corresponding unnatural Jehovian Seven-Seal release sequences from
occurring. Manual interruption of these processes would cause absolute, rapid
pole shift and cataclysmic Earth Changes,  which Guardian nations can only
prevent by striving to balance the frequencies of the Organic Seals , while
clearing and realigning the chaotic frequencies  of the Jehovian Seals to a
natural “12-Code-Pulse .” The Organic and Jehovian Seal counterpart must
activate before 12-Code realignment can be achieved. Manual resetting of
the natural 12-Code-Pulse “Divine D-12 Pre-matter Blueprint” in Earth’s
ALL system is accomplished through running D-12 frequency ¹ into Earth’ s
Planetary Shields via RRTs conducted at specific times and locations.  
    When an Organic Seal releases, it takes anywhere from three to 12
months for its frequencies to spread through, and reach critical mass within,
the corresponding ALL network. As the Jehovian Seals’ chaotic frequencies
“ride on” the Organic Seal current, the effects of Jehovian Seal “opening”
also emerge and reach critical mass between three and 12 months  after the
Jehovian Seal has released. If the Jehovian Seals release and are not realigned
to a 12-Code-Pulse before reaching critical mass, climatic and/or tectonic
disturbances  will erupt within the geographical regions corresponding to the
Jehovian Seal’s placement. just as is the case with Earth’s 12 Organic Star
                          ___________________
                                1.     “Maharata Current”       
                               428                                                                                                          
                      
                         
           

                               
                          Climatic Disturbances and the Labor Day 2001 Sonic Pulse lnterference
Crystal Seals, each Seal in the Jehovian sequence progression is more
powerful than the one before; the Jehovian Seals 1, 2 and 3 create a lesser
degree of climatic/tectonic disturbance than Jehovian Seals 4 through 7 .
Planetary chaos begins  with release of Jehovian Seal-4 . if the frequencies of
Seal-4 and those before it are not manually realigned to a natural 12-Code-
Pulse as they run through Earth’s Templar.  
      Organic Star Crystal Seals 1 and 2 , and their corresponding unnatural
Jehovian Seals-1 and -2,2 activated in late May 2001 —the planetary effects
of Jehovian Seal-1 and -2 release will begin manifesting between August
2001 and May 2002 . The chaotic frequencies of Jehovian Seals 1 and 2 had
been converted to a  natural 12-Code-Pulse realignment  via RRT s
conducted in Kauai, Hawaii,  when the Seals released in May 2001. Organic
Seal-3 and its unnatural Jehovian Seal-3  counterpart3 activated in late July
2001—its chaotic frequencies had been converted  to a natural 12-Code-
Pulse via RRTs conducted in England  when the Seal released in July 2001.
Between August 15 and September 3, 2001 , the UIR fully activated the
Montauk-Phi-Ex-Falcon wormhole Port Interface Atlantian Pylon
Implant Network (APIN) system , launching the sub-space sonic-scalar
amplification pulse  that passed through the Star Gate-2 Gru-AL Point in
Sarasota, FL, on the evening of September 3, 2001, on its way to the
Bermuda Base (see page 408). On the evening of September 3, 2001, Organic
Star Crystal Seal-4  (which does not have a Jehovian Seal companion)
activated as we gathered at Sarasota Beach following our Labor Day
workshops to conduct an RRT to assist the GA in balancing the Organic
Seal-4 frequencies as they emerged. Just prior to our initiation of the RRT ,
the sonic amplification pulse,4 transmitted from “Cue Site-4" Central
Mexico via the Nibiruian Crystal Temple Network at Chihuahua, Mexico,
rumbled through the Gru-AL Point off the coast of Sarasota Beach.  
                              
                                 CLIMATIC DISTURBANCES  
      AND THE LABOR DAY 2001 SONIC PULSE INTERFERENCE    
  As Organic Seal-4 began to open, the UlRs contrived sonic pulse,
carrying a “ Phantom Pulse ” with reversed ARPS , ran through the Gru-AL
and through the Bio-energetic Fields of the RRT group.5 When the sonic
pulse intercepted the natural current emerging from Organic Seal-4, it
reversed the Seal-4 current to the Phantom Pulse ARPS . Reversal of the
stronger Organic Seal-4 current, instantly began to reactivate the reverse-
ARPS frequencies of Jehovian Seals 1, 2 and 3 that we had successfully
helped to realign to the 12-Code-Pulse during the May and July 2001 RRTs.
                         _____________________________
                            
                              2.    the ''White and Red Horsemen"
                                  3.    the ''Black Horseman"
                                  4.    later used in orchestrating the September 11, 2001, WTC/Pentagon Disaster
                        5.  My ex-husband and I allowed our bio-fields to be used as a “buffer blanket,” to
                                          protect the group from the intensity of this Psychotronic pulse. And I will tell you, this
                               chaotic sonic pulse was powerful; we are still recovering from some of the physical
                                       side effects we incurred from absorbing and transmuting these frequencies. Numerous
                                                      others within the group also reported the experience of “emotional body p urging" follow-
                                         ing the frequencies encountered on the beach that evening.
                          429                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                        

                        Conclusion— Earth Changes Potential
Despite the terribly disruptive energies of the Psychotronic sonic pulse that
we experienced on the beach the night of September 3, the group managed
to pull itself together and run the RRT as planned. The  RRT was successful;
through this group effort the GA was able to anchor a sufficient amount of D-
12 and higher frequency to bring the Organic Seal-4 current back into its
natural ARPS.  
        By September 10, the September 3 RRT frequencies reached critical mass
in the Planetary Shields, returning the primary Organic Seal-4 frequencies
back to their natural 12-Code—Pulse. Jehovian Seals 1, 2 and 3  have, as of
this writing, partially reverted back to the 12-Code-Pulse clearing , but still
require some additional work before reaching their original state of 12-Code-
Pulse conversion. This means that at least mild climatic disturbance effects
from Jehovian Seals 1-3 are likely to occur between now and July 2002 . Our
groups will be working with the Emerald Covenant nations, running RRTs on
several occasions between October and November 2001 , to clear the
remaining disruptive frequencies now running through Earth’s grids from
Jehovian Seals 1-3.  
      Full clearing of the Jehovian Seals 1-2-3 frequencies must be
accomplished before the coming activation  of Organic Seal-8, with its
Jehovian Seal-4  companion,6 if ampli fied climatic/tectonic disturbances are
to be averted. Organic Seal-8/Jehovian Seal-4 will activate in early January
2002.7 Much to UIR irritation, We're still standin’,  with even greater
strength of spirit and personal resolve than before, despite their attempts at
Psychotronic antagonism of Emerald Covenant groups. It became quite
apparent, in reviewing the events of the evening of September 3, that the
Eieyani were quite serious when they had earlier that day explained that the
UIR was now taking aggressive steps  to rapidly advance their OWO agenda.
Just how aggressive these steps would be did not become apparent until the
morning of September 11, 2001.    
           When Jehovian Seals release, their frequencies can create disruptions for up to a 
1000-2000 mile perimeter s urrounding the Seal’s placement, while the greatest degree 
of climatic or tectonic disruption occurs in the location of the Seal and within 100-200 
miles  of its epicenter. The  Seven Jehovian Seals  are located at different horizontal Ley Line/
Latitude coordinates along the common vertical Axiatonal Line-7 at 70° 
W Longitude, which runs down the eastern Atlantic Ocean.  (See Star 
Gates and Seals Map Appendix-3).  
        Jehovian Seal-1,  the least powerful, is located NE of Quebec, Canada
at 70° W Longitude/47.08° N Latitude . Due to the May 2001 Jehovian
Seal-1 release, this region is likely to experience climatic disturbances or
intensification of natural weather patterns  between November 2001
and May 2002,  with January-February 2002 being the most vulnerable
periods.  
                Jehovian Seal-2,  also released in May 2001, is located where the
                 borders of Peru, Chile and Bolivia meet, at 70° W Longitude/18.1° S
                             _________________________
                              6.    “Pale Horseman”
                                 7.     Organic Seals 5, 6 and 7 will activate in late December 2001.
                              430                      
                  

   
                       
                          Climatic Disturbances and the Labor Day 2001 Sonic Pulse Interference
Latitude; due to Jehovian Seal-2 release, this area is vulnerable to seismic
activity,  especially between December 2001 and March 2002 . 
     Jehovian Seal-3 , released in July 2001, is located at 70° W
Longitude/41.78° N Latitude,  Cape Cod, MA. This area, and regions of
the US east coast , are vulnerable to aggravated storm activity,
particularly between December 2001 and June 2002 , due to Jehovian
Seal-3 release. Jehovian Seal-4 , the “Pale Horse with the rider named
Death,” will release in early January 2002,  as will Jehovian Seal-5.  
     Jehovian Seal-4 , the first of the more powerful Jehovian Seals, is
located east of Nassau Bahamas, at 70° W Longitude/24.92° N Latitude .
If Jehovian Seals 1-4 are not successfully converted to a 12-Code-Pulse
alignment within four months of the Seal’s January 2002 opening, cycles
of progressively more severe tropical storm and hurricane activity
(category 3-5) will emerge in the Atlantic Ocean. The Bahamas, Cuba ,
the east and west coasts of Florida and the Gulf of Mexico border lands
are primary regions to be affected by release of Jehovian Seal-4. Release of
Jehovian Seal-4 marks the beginning of the Jehovian Anunnaki and
Annu-Elohim opening of the “Cracks in the Wall in Time,” (see
page 386) through which geographical regions holding Dove APIN
system implants  will begin opening to the Phantom Matrix.  
      Jehovian Seal-5,  which activates two days following the opening of
Jehovian Seal-4 in January 2002, is located near Copiapo, Chile, at 70° W
Longitude/26.95° S Latitude . If Jehovian Seal-5 is not cleared to 12-Code-
Pulse realignment within four months of its January 2002 opening, this
region is vulnerable to several waves of seismic activity with progressively
increasing magnitude.  
        Jehovian Seal-6,  due to release in August or September 2002,  is located
at 70° W Longitude/ 10.36° N Latitude Venezuela . If we refer to the
Jehovian book of Revelations, the ''Sixth Seal" opening is foretold to bring
on a ''Great Earthquake''.... ''and every mountain and island was moved from
its place''.... Lets hope the Guardian’s 12-Code-Pulse realignments proceed
very well between now and then! 
      Jehovian Seal-7  is located at 70° W Longitude/ 33.13° N Latitude , off
the coast of Charleston, SC. If this Jehovian Seal is not realigned to a 12-
Code-Pulse, massive ﬂooding and category 5+ hurricane activity would
plague the eastern US seaboard, and most of Florida would rapidly become
an underwater Atlantian Theme Park . So much for ''merciful Jehovian
Gods''!  
        They have had all of this planned for us since 10,500 BC, but the '' Seven
   Seals' ' were only the intended beginning ; after the Seals come the “Seven
  Angels and Seven T rumpets '' (see page 414). These bring on ''hail and fire
mixed with blood,'' ''a blazing mountain being thrown into the sea turning
the sea to blood,'' the fall of Nibiruian Battlestar Wormwood on the Rivers of
 the Earth, followed by plagues, Beasts from the Pit and finally the intended                                
grand Jehovian Anunnaki invasion. These guys are real humanitarians!  
  The Indigo Children are the return of the Emerald Covenant Maji Grail
                  Line Eieyani/Humans who have incarnated into this time period to stand
                  with the Human races in prevention of all of the Fallen Angelics’  OWO
          dominion plans. Through loving use of the Founders’ Masters Planetary 
                        431    
                                                                                                                                                                     

                        Conclusion— Earth Changes Potential
Templar Mechanics, we can peacefully prevent ful fillment of the “Final
Conﬂict” drama, finally freeing Earth from over 12,000 years of Fallen
Angelic/Illuminati dominion. I hope we begin to wake up soon because the
“movie” has already started without us.  
      There are many more issues we need to understand in order to help 
ourselves, and our planet through these most important of times. If one has
courage, and wants to make a difference in how this messy “Final Conﬂict”
drama unfolds, if one cares to assist the Guardian nations in preventing
further advancement of the UIR Fallen Angelic invasion of Earth , the place
to begin is at home . Awakening the Inner Christos, your own personal, God-
given D-12 Avatar identity level, which has been long cruci fied upon the
cross of false Fallen Angelic indoctrination and DNA manipulation, waits
sleeping within each of us. The Maharic Shield Bio-Regenesis Techniques
(see page 496) begin the process of this Inner Awakening . If you are moved
to assist the Emerald Covenant Founders nations in the protection and
restoration of this planet, the Masters Templar Coursebook , 
provides instruction on the Sacred Arts/Sciences of
running the Signet (Star Gate) Rainbow Roundtables (RRTs). Through our
participation in ''running of the Rounds'' the Founders’ ancient '' Four Faces
of Man '' LPIN  and the “ Great White Lion ” and '' Golden Eagle '' APIN
grid-micro-chip implant systems can be reawakened to protect Earth from the
Fallen Angelic APIN systems that are now activating in Earth’s Planetary
Shields.  
       This ''Final Battle of the Angels" cannot be won through violent wars,
but victory can be achieved for all peace-loving nations through the
peaceful, Christiac Technologies of Masters Biotronic, Merkaba and
Planetary Templar Mechanics . The choice is ours, and in truth, time is
running out , as the UIR now aggressively advances its Illuminati OWO
dominion agenda in the 3-D arena. How many more atrocities like WW2
and the 9/11/2001 Terrorist Disaster, precursor to WW3, do we need to
see before  we ''get the message? '' 
       This book is by no means the end of the seemingly ''Never-Ending
Vo y a g e r s  S t o r y ' ' - i t  i s  o n l y  t h e  b e g i n n i n g .  B u t  i t  i s  a  m o s t  a p p r o p r i a t e ,  a s  w e l l
as deeply sincere beginning, particularly if one desires to awaken from the
perhaps blissful, but never-the-less amnesiac sleep of Fallen Angelic
manipulation. Each of us has the potential to emerge wide-eyed with wonder
into the new dawn of Human freedom as our Inner Light awakens, to lead our
 living spirits Upward,....Godward,....Home.  
    With light, love and heartfelt condolences to all who have suffered from
  the dreadful events of the 9/11/2001 WTC/Pentagon Terrorist Attack ....
                                          
                                                              May peace be with us all....
                                                                God bless us, everyone.
                                                           —Ashayana Deane, Ekr MC
                                                                    October 10, 2001
                           432
                  
                    

                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                    Epilog
                                                                                      EPILOG
 
Since the September 12, 2000 United Intruder Resistance (UIR) Edict of
War, Emerald Covenant races have provided us with massive amounts of
data  from the CDT-PLATES,  covering the Hidden Realities of History and
the Mechanics of Running the '' Rainbow Roundtables .'' There is a  Mission
that must be accomplished before 2003 if humanity expects to continue in
peaceful evolution; it is a Mission of Star Gate realignment and disengage-
ment  of the Nibiruian Diodic Crystal Grid  and its 24 Crystal Temple Net-
work Underground Control Bases.  This Mission is called today , as it was
during the times of Jesheua, King Arthur and the Catheri, the Christos  Rec-
lamation Mission . We will do our best to make greater amounts of informa-
tion available to all in the months to come. If you are interested in learning
about Signet Rainbow Round Tables , or other GA programs,
such as DNA Bio-Regenesis Technologies, the Kathara Bio-Spiritual Heal-
ing System  or the T angible Structure of the Soul Accelerated Bio-Spiritual
Evolution Program,  please contact us at the address below:  
                                                               
                                                                  ARhAyas Productions LLC   
                                                                         5020 Clark Rd #307   
                                                                                  Sarasota  
                                                                                  FL 34233  
                                                                  Email: office@arhayas.com
                                                                      Phone: 941-924-8109
                                                                        or visit our website       
                                                       http://www.arhayas.com
                                                                                                                               
                        433

                                         
                                                                          Appendix I
                                                                                 
                                                                                                              
                              Data Summaries and
             At-A-Glance Blow-Up Charts
            Chapter 18 is provided as a summary of information contained through-
out earlier chapters. For your convenience, this information is formatted in
condensed form, as data sheets called At-A-Glance Blow-Up Charts . Sub-
jects are addressed by topic heading and are summarized on one data sheet for
easy reference. Condensing information for the data sheets requires a small
size type. The At-A-Glance Blow-Up Charts are formatted for easy photo-
copier enlargement.  
                                                                          AT-A-GLANCE BLOW-UP CHARTS
  1. Recent History and Current Events page 435
  2. Amenti Ascension Program page 436
  3. The Seven Seals page 437
  4. The Six Silent Ascension Avatars page 438
  5. Time Mechanics page 439
  6. Time Continuum Progression page 440
  7. Time Shift Continuum Progression I Phantom Earth page 441
  8. Time Shift Continuum Progression ll Bridge Zone page 442
  9. Time Shift Continuum Progression Ill V oyagers Leap page 443
   10. Origins, Secrets of Amenti page 444
   11. The Three Seedings and the Root and Cloister Races of Amenti page 445
                                            
                                                          DATA SUMMARIES
          1. The Six Silent Ascension Avatars page 446
          2. The Three Tracks of Time page 447
                         434


                                                                                                         Data Summaries
                                        Recent History and Current Events
                                                 At-A-Glance Blow-Up Chart
                                                                     1748 - 6/26/1998
1748: Genetic mutation Zeta Seal from Zetas’ future Frequency Fence contaminates Earth via Sphere of Amenti.
1902: Guardians orchestrate astral body realignments on some humans to release Zeta Seal mutation in race.
1906: Guardians destroy asteroid that was heading for Earth's orbit, in deep space. Fragments hit Earth.
1916: WW 1 Zetas begin speculation on Earth studying genetic content.
 1926 : Zetas begin surveying Earth to assess conditions regarding their future Frequency Fence
 1930 : Zetas begin early genetic experimentation & hybridization program on Earth during 1930's & 1940's.
 1940 : WW2. Zetas assist Nazis then convert to assisting USA, treaties with Allies formed MJ12.
 8/12/1943 : Philadelphia Experiment. Zetas instigate USA to rip hole in space-time, Zeta ships begin altering sun.
 1952-1968 : Earth scientists observe instabilities on sun, unaware of 1943 Zeta cause. Concern of Pole Shift
 8/7/1972 : Solar ﬂare explosions begin. Red Pulse due by 9/1973 would de stroy Earth life. Guardians intervene.
 1972 : Guardians 11:11/12:12 Frequency Fence to protect from Red Pulse & begin genetic repair abductions                    
 1973 :Guardians begin infusions of energy on sun to repair solar damage from Zetas 1943 sun manipulations
1973 -1/11/1992 : Guardians employ Holographic Inserts to maintain illusion of Earth stability while sun realigns
1982: Guardians split and divert course of asteroid due to hit Earth.
1982-1984:  Most Zeta groups enter Guardian treaties & stop take-over plan Dracos-Zeta Resistance refuses
8/12/1983:  Dracos-Zetas instigate Montauk Project, create 2nd space-time rip & begin creating clones and infiltrates
1984: Guardians discover 2976 AD Earth destruction as result of Zeta in filtration, create Bridge Zone Project
10/1986 : 1st Seal on Arc of Covenant opens, Sphere of Amenti begins descent; 9540 BC Frequency Fence lifts
8/16/1987 : Harmonic Convergence. Guardians granted permission to activate Bridge Zone Project intervention
1/1988 : Sphere of Amenti returns to Earth. Earth's 1st primary V ortex -Arizona USA - opens.
9/1989 : Guardians finish repair of Solar Fields 8 & begin infusions of D-4 frequenc y to Earth, to raise core vibration
1/11/1992 : Guardians reenter 11:11 magnetic codes to Earth core, 11:11/12.12 Frequency Fence begins release
6/1992 : Earth's 2nd primary V ortex - Jerusalem, Israel - opens.
7/26/1992 : Avatar 1 of Six Silent Ascension Avatars is born; 7th level avatar
12/12/1994 : 11:11/12:12 Frequency Fence lifted. Ancient Ur-Tarranates leave Amenti to human care.
1995: Guardians initiate Portal Protection Project to secure Earth' s V ortices from lntruder in filtration
6/1996 : Earth's 3rd primary V ortex - Himalayan Mountains. Asia - opens
6/24/1996 : Avatar 2 of Six Silent Ascension Avatars is born; 8th level avatar
12/1997 : Anunnaki Resistance begin manipulating humans from D-4 via Jerusalem & Manhattan vortices
1/1998:  Prospects of 2nd Seal on Arc of the Covenant opening on time bleak, Earth ascension & rescue doubtful
2/1998 : Elohim's early birth of avatar 3; opens 2nd Seal on Arc of the Covenant. Rescue resumes
6/26/1998 : Avatar 3 of Six Silent Ascension Avatars is born 2 years early; 9th level avatar.
2nd Seal on Arc of the Covenant opens. Fate of human destiny changed. Ascension Program
& Bridge Zone Project rescue mission will occur.
                                                                       ©2002 Ashayana Deane
                                                                                                                                                 
               
                435
                                                                                                                                                         

                 Data Summaries and At-A-Glance Blow-Up Charts
                                      Amenti Ascension Program
                                            At-A-Glance Blow-Up Chart
                                              6/26/1998 – 6/2047
6/26/1998 : Bridge Zone Project & Ascension Program resume. Morphogenetic Wave begins to build.
8/30/1998 : 3-day incubation Rite for humans with Palaidorian Birth Contracts for indigo Children held
in Agartha. Parent couples attend via astral teleportation. Birthing Contracts finalized.
1999-2004 : First birthing wave for 144,500 Indigo Children
1/1/2000 : TRANSCENDENCE DAY . Guardians call Earth Light-Workers to hold lnter-dimensional
Resonant Tone. Earth's 4th V ortex - Giza, Egypt - opens. Blue Flame begins 12-year descent to Earth
5/5/2000 : Solar Spiral aligns, Earth begins Solar Activation. Earth begins shift to HU-2 time cycle.
9/17/2001 : Guardians complete Giza alignment with Pleiadian-Alcyone Spiral
2001 : Dracos-Zeta Resistance tentative plan for public landing.
Guardians plan ''ﬂy-bys" if Earth changes are to come.
6/2002 : Earth receives Blue Wave infusion
                        8/12/2003 : Dracos-Zetas plan experiment to bring cloaked ships in for Frequency Fence transmissions.
Spring 2004 : lf 2003 experiment successful Dracos-Zetas begin EMP Frequency Fence transmissions.
6/2004 : Pleiadian-Alcyone Spiral aligns, Earth's Pleiadian Activation. V ortex 5-Machu Picchu,Peru-opens
9/9/2004 : Avatar 4 of Six Silent Ascension Avatars will birth; 10th level avatar. Must arrive by this date.
2005-2017 : Second birthing wave of 5,500 Indigo Children
6/2006:  Earth receives Violet Wave infusion
2006 : Dracos-Zetas will begin broadcast of Holographic inserts if Frequency Fence was set in 2004.
6/2008 : Sirian Spiral aligns, Earth begins Sirian Activation. Earth completes shift into HU-2 time cycle.
V ortex 6 - Caucasus Mountains, USSR- opens
7/22/2008 : Avatar 5 of Six Silent Ascension Avatars will birth; 11th level avatar. Must arrive by this date.
6/2010 : Earth receives Gold Wave lnfusion
1/1/2012 : Earth's 7th   V ortex - Andes Mountains, South America - opens
5/5/2012 : 12:01 am 6th of Six Silent Avatars will birth; 12th level avatar. The grids of Earth & Tara begin to
merge. Blue Flame embodies in Keepers oF the Blue Flame. Mass awakening occurs Halls of Amenti
open & Ascensions begin. 3 Flame Holders called to Giza to activate Hall of Records.
12/21/2012 : Earth enters Holographic Beam, particle base begins to separate. Morphogenetic Wave begins
to crest. Polarity of Earths particle base reverses. Hall of Records begins transmitting through Earth's grid.
1/1/2017 : Violet Flame embodies in Keepers of the Violet Flame.
5/5/2017-6/30/2017 : 3-day particle conversion period NlGHT OF THE 2 MOONS takes place. Arcturian,
Orion & Andromeda Spirals align with Earth for 3 days & Earth receives 3 final Stellar Activations &
Stellar Wave Infusions. Earth, Tara & Gaia in full alignment with Meta-Galactic Core & Holographic Beam.
Ascension portals to Gala open for 3 days. Morphogenetic Wave completes cresting. Earth's Magnetic
Fields collapse for 3 days. Earth completes passage to Bridge Zone & Phantom Earth separates from
Earth to return to the D-3 time cycle.
7/2017 : Earth passes out of alignment with Gaia & Holographic Beam. Ascension portals to Gaia close.
Earth's magnetic fields return. Grids of Earth & Tara begin to separate.
1/1/2022 : Grids of Earth & Tara complete separation, Halls of Amenti close to the masses & mass
ascension period comes to a close. Earth stabilizes within the Bridge Zone time continuum.
Energy infusions through Earth's grid cease. Earth's 7" V ortex - Andes Mountains, South America - closes.
1/1/2022-6/2047 : Earth's 6 remaining primary V ortices close, V ortex 6 to V ortex 1. Ascension cycle ends.
         
                                                                      ©2002 Ashayana Deane
                  436

                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                              Data Summaries
                                                            The Seven Seals
                                                        At-A-Glance Blow-Up Chart
                                                          Earth’s 7 Primary Vortices
                                   Opening-Activating and Closing-Deactivating Schedule
                 VORTEX & LOCATION                               OPENING CYCLE       CLOSING CYCLE
                              #                                                                     FULLY ACTIVATED       FULLY CLOSED                         ________________________________________________________________________________