Chapter 2: Keylonta Science
and Abduction

Interdimensional Communication In your present culture there is much
fear and misinformation surrounding the occurrence of multidimensional
communication. Superstition and science both have added their share of
negative interpretation of events of this nature. Popular consensus
would place such events of communication into the categories of
intentionally contrived hoax or into that of mental deficiency on the
part of those receiving such communications. Religious factions, on the
other hand, most often place such events under the category of "demonic"
activity or attribute such communications to the work of some "evil"
force. These ideas and misinterpretations are a direct result of the
"official reality program" and its brainwashing. So much effort has been
put into devaluing and negating the method of communication of knowledge
that the true value of the knowledge is lost. This is unfortunate, as it
leaves the majority of the human populace thinking that such
communications do not really exist as such, or that if they do exist
they are of some "evil" or mal-aligned source. This makes it quite
difficult for other dimensional and other time helpers to offer their
assistance to humans directly, as so few of you are receptive to the
method by which that assistance is offered. It is our hope that in
providing you with information about the true mechanics of
multidimensional communication that you will be able to step outside of
"the program" enough to put your prejudgments aside and learn something
new and quite valuable. In your present time certain terms have been
used to describe this process of information exchange: "telepathy,"
"mediumship," "automatic writing," "channeling." All of these terms give
you a very vague conceptual understanding as to the true dynamics of
this phenomenon. If you do not understand the mechanics of the process
then it will be difficult for you to decipher the source from which the
phenomena emerge. Just as is the case with UFO sightings, "what it is"
cannot be discovered using only one explanation. UFOs can be a variety
of things. So too can be what appears to you as multidimensional
communication. Not all UFO sightings imply live contact with other life
forms, though some are indeed precisely such contacts. In the event of
multidimensional communications, again, not all such communications
imply live contact with other-dimensional or inter-time beings, but some
of these communications are indeed genuine contact with beings from
systems other than your own. Learning to differentiate between the
various possible explanations is necessary before an accurate assessment
of the phenomena can be achieved in studying both UFOs and
multidimensional communication. Some instances of subtle communications
(we will use this term henceforth to replace the rather lengthy phrase
of "multidimensional communication") can be attributed to conditions
existing within the mind of the receiver, and others are indeed intended
"fakes." Still other such events are quite legitimate occurrences of
subtle communications with a "live" source, be it interdimensional,
inter-time, intergalactic or originating from within your own Earth
system. The latter you most often call "telepathy," or "mind-to-mind"
communications, but there is much you do not yet understand about the
workings of telepathy alone. The important thing for you to understand
at this time is that in all such cases of communication you are dealing
with far more than the simple "linking of minds" as your term
"telepathy" suggests. You are dealing with a highly sophisticated form
of communication that is in itself a language. It is the language of
light, sound, symbols and energy, that in our system is known as
Keylonta. In our system Keylonta is the foundation for all other forms
of learning, and it exists as a highly technical science and creative
art form.

The Language of Keylonta Keylonta is not merely a language as you think
of it, but a tool, communications being one of its applications. Its
dynamics are used in teaching and healing, but also in the literal
formation of reality constructions where it serves as the structure upon
which manifestations are built. The codes of the Time-Portal System and
the Dimensional Lock System are found within the workings of Keylonta,
and it is also the method used by those wishing to communicate with your
world through those systems. We will provide you with much more
information on the language of Keylonta and its applications in other
writings, but for now we simply desire to familiarize you with this
dynamic so that you may begin to evolve your ideas about the nature of
subtle communications. The point we would most like you to understand is
that Keylonta, like any language, is a tool. In and of itself it cannot
be judged as "good or bad," "godly or evil," helpful or detrimental to
the human collective. It is a tool which can be used to convey meaning.
The intention and skill with which that tool is used will determine its
value. It is time that you put your fears and superstitions aside and
begin learning the language of the stars---the language of your
ancestors, the language that will allow you to evolve into
multidimensional beings who possess technologies and wisdom beyond those
now available to the visitors presently interacting with your Earth
system. Do not let the "official program" rob you any longer of the
knowledge that is your birthright and inheritance. Now that we have
given you some information on the method by which the helpers (and
others) communicate with you, we will offer some insight into why this
method of contact is presently selected, as opposed to other alternative
means of contact such as mass landings of spacecraft. For reasons that
should be obvious to you, those wishing to assist or make their presence
known to you cannot viably set a mother ship down upon the lawn of the
White House and schedule a press conference! Indeed, if the visitors
were able to hold off the Zeta and the Interior Government (not to
mention your "official" government) long enough to stage such an event,
their message and intentions would be lost amidst the panic and hysteria
that such an event would generate within your ill-prepared masses. The
Interior Government, Zeta and official governments have done such a good
job at programming the masses into fear and disbelief reaction patterns
that it would literally be useless to the visitors to attempt to reach
you as a collective. The public has been brainwashed into denying the
validity of their own perceptions and those of their fellow humans. For
this reason visitors (both of the helpful and harmful kinds) attempt to
contact individuals or small groups of individuals that show some sign
of receptivity to their intended contact. (The non- helpful visitors
will often choose those whom they believe are easily manipulated through
the Keylonta codes.) For centuries your people have been taught to
subjugate their own authority and have delegated their ability to
perceive clearly to objective authority structures such as government
and religion. All of you have a right to know the truth about the
conditions that directly affect you. Unfortunately for you, your
governments do not agree with this premise. So as a collective you are
quite certainly ill-prepared to meet directly ET visitors, no matter how
benign their agenda may be. Part of the reason that many advances have
been withheld from the general scientific and public communities is that
this knowledge would give individual citizens the power to better direct
their own lives, their health, their economic standing and their own
protection. If the public had access to such abilities the governments
could no longer use such tactics as fear and intimidation to illicit
blind obedience. They would lose control over their people and their
peoples resources as the people gained control over themselves. So the
"official program" lie has been created and perpetuated to keep each of
you in the dark, fearful and dependent upon the approval and support of
outside authorities. You have been brainwashed and betrayed, and that
also applies to those of you who think you are responsible for creating
and maintaining the official program. Most of you have lost sight of the
fact that alternative perspectives exist. Most of you have lost sight of
what you have lost in succumbing to the program's tunnel vision. Some of
you, in reading these words, will know the truth as these ideas move
through you---you will simply know. And at first you will probably find
anger, and beneath the anger---fear. For if what you have been
brainwashed into believing is not truth, then what is true? It will feel
as if you are upon a precipice overlooking an endless abyss, and you
will not know where to turn, or whom to trust, or where to look for
answers. Looking within (perhaps for the first time?) to the core of
your own spirituality will be the light that leads you through this
darkness. Many of you will reject this data, perhaps heatedly, for that
is seemingly far easier than facing the raw fear that can be generated
by seeing the truth for the first time. Not all of you are ready to see
the truth, for within the lies there existed the illusion of safety and
comfort, and an innocence to the loss of freedom and integrity that the
official program has created. You may choose to take the stance that
"what you don't know won't hurt you." Indeed, if it is hurtful it will
hurt you, but in choosing blindness you may not be aware of the harm
being done. You may not realize the sacrifice you have made until it is
too late and death or disease have overtaken you. We care for all of
you. And we hold all of you in high enough regard to offer you the
option of viewing your reality as it exists, so you may make your choice
consciously as to what you will believe. We exhibit far more personal
respect and honor for you than do your governments and religious
organizations who employ codes of discrimination, elitism, secrecy and
the withholding of knowledge and resources. Knowledge is intended for
the many who are open to receiving it, not for the few who seek to use
it to control, disempower, and manipulate the many it was intended to
serve. Many humans within positions of power need to learn this simple
lesson. It is the gift of knowledge that we offer you---can you accept
the gift? And so we have explained to you some of what you are up
against in your evolution toward enlightenment. We have given you an
idea of who the players are, where they come from, and what agendas they
hold. Now we will let you know the rest of the story about the greater
realities taking place within your present time, for those who are
ready---for those who chose to know what is taking place within the
universe around them.

Subconscious Symbol Codes We have explained to you how the Zeta,
Aethien, Ranthia and other time-portal and interdimensional groups are
able to create "perceptual interference" or "sensory interruption" in
humans, and how these tactics are presently being used in regard to some
of your "UFO abduction" experiences. The aforementioned Keylonta codes,
which govern the activities of the subconscious symbol codes contained
within human DNA, are used to implant and orchestrate these sensual
deceptions. All of these groups are capable of creating such events
because they understand the mechanics of the human bio-electric system
and its operations within the living organism. If they did not
understand the relationships between form and energy they would not be
able to use such technologies, nor would they be able to maneuver within
the Time- Portal and Dimensional Lock Systems. If they did not know the
language of Keylonta they would be trapped within their own reality and
time-space systems just as your species is presently trapped within the
three-dimensional Earth system. They are able to traverse other reality
systems and to direct their own biologies because they know things that
you and your scientists do not yet know. Because such cultures possess
this knowledge that yours presently lacks they are able to manipulate
your biology and your perceptual field and thus your consciousness.
Literally all of the groups mentioned use this knowledge to interact
with you, some for the purposes of helping you to grow, others to keep
you from evolving into your full potentials. The human biology speaks a
language quite different than that of the "conscious mind" (as you
understand that facility). It is a language that you have consciously
forgotten, the language of energy relationships---Keylonta. It is the
foundation upon which all of your languages and modes of perception are
built. We have come to refresh your memory and to remind you of your
"native tongue," so that you may once again begin consciously using the
language contained within your cellular structure. The language of
living knowledge is contained within every molecule of your three-
dimensional, matter-clad world. You had help in forgetting this
language, and so now it is appropriate that you should have help in
remembering.

The Zeta Agenda In order to understand the Zeta agenda and the dramas
unfolding within your universe you must have some idea of the workings
of Keylonta. It is the language of the symbol codes ("subconscious" from
your perspective), the intrinsic, interior geometric-electric and
magnetic structures that create the foundations for all form and
structure within the dimensional systems, a language of light, sound,
pulsation and vibration of energy. And the method by which form is
created and maintained within your system. It represents the living
codes of matter and all biologies built upon them. The Keylonta codes
set everything from the type of body you will manifest through the
genetics of your biology to the very chemical, hormonal and energetic
functions which keep that body in motion. It is the key to your known
and unknown universe.  The Zeta, as well as the helping ET groups, are
aware of these codes and how they can be used in relation to the human
organism and the Earth system. The Zeta have, from the beginnings of
their interaction with you, used the Keylonta codes to direct and
manipulate human perception. It is through these codes and an active
knowledge of their usage that the Zeta are able to manufacture the
perceptual interference and sensual interruption previously mentioned.
We are not trying to frighten you, but if you do not soon take
responsibility for mastering the mechanics of your own biology, you will
be "sitting ducks," so to speak, for those who do understand these
workings. We do not recommend waiting until your governments, scientists
or official medical communities figure out how to do this for you,
because they may be one of the last to know the mechanics of the inner
workings. Their inherent belief structures are prejudiced against the
very methods that will bring this knowledge to you. Responsibility for
biological mastery lives with the individual, each individual, for only
the intrinsic life force within each organism has full access to the
code combinations unique to its form. You can learn to master your own
biological codes by working through your own consciousness and greater
identity, but no objective organization will be able to decipher the
intimate balances upon which your biology is built. There are practices
which can assist you in your quest for biological mastery, and we will
offer some of these in other writings, when we explore in greater detail
the language and applications of Keylonta. Through Keylonta mechanics
your cellular structure can be altered. Your bodies can be healed, your
consciousness expanded. The mysteries of your three-dimensional system
can be unraveled. Through Keylonta enlightenment will one day belong to
your species. But until that day Keylonta can be used in ways that do
not benefit your development, used by those who have the knowledge but
who do not as yet possess the wisdom to use these gifts as they were
intended---those such as the Zeta. These codes are presently being used
in a number of ways by various time-portal and interdimensional groups
(such as ourselves, as we communicate with you). Keylonta is the
language for communicating through the time and dimensional portals.
Though you receive these communications in the language most familiar to
you, and in the linear progression of thought and word that is
characteristic of your time-space coordinate, the true communication is
passed on first to your cellular structure. It is placed into your DNA
codes as minute electrical signals. We transmit our communications
through the interdimensional portals then "fine-tune" our transmission
through the time-portals into your time-space coordinates. We are able
to transmit large amounts of data into a vast area in this manner. This
information is then translated to your level of perception through those
individuals whose bodies have the ability to pick up and synthesize
advanced (compared to the average operational frequencies of your
present time) electrical impulse patterns. All of you have translation
abilities to some degree, but some of you are more genetically
predisposed to this ability. Our communications come to you from another
dimension, through a time-portal system of an Earth that exists parallel
to your own. Our culture lives within that parallel system, but in its
own time-portal frame it is placed within the future of even that Earth
version. These Keylonta transmissions, coming from this distant place,
will reach those in various dimensions and time coordinates who are
ready to translate them. These communications will become available to
those who are in need of the knowledge contained within them. It is our
hope that if you can become aware of Keylonta mechanics enough of you
will be enabled to develop the tools you need to counteract the harmful
ways this knowledge is presently being used to manipulate you and keep
you blind. We cannot "win the game for you" in relation to your dealings
with the Zeta and other groups, but we can offer the tools of knowledge
you will need to effectively direct your own destinies. Now we will
explore how the Zeta and other self-interested groups are using Keylonta
to mislead you.

Perceptual Interference Keylonta is the means by which the Zeta are able
to create perceptual interference. They have the power through these
mechanics to literally create mass hallucinations. We do not favor this
word of your English language but instead prefer to use the word
"hologram" for its meaning is closer to the actual reality that is
taking place. The term mental hologram may give you a better idea of the
concept we are trying to convey.  Through manipulating the impulse codes
intrinsic to the human biology literal "reality pictures" can be created
for the unsuspecting human to perceive. We are not speaking here of
mental images or simple hallucinations, but rather actual
three-dimensional reality overlays that emerge into the surrounding
objective environment. These contrived "reality pictures" can be coded
to emerge as past memory or as present time three-dimensionally
objective experience. Unlike a simple hallucination the "reality
picture" not only affects the individual or group that is being altered,
but will also affect anyone coming into the encoded perimeters of its
boundaries. It is as if someone created a "virtual reality" picture for
you to walk through, and its contours are so seamless compared to your
"real" reality that you do not realize anything has changed. Events can
be manufactured for you in this way, without your conscious knowledge or
permission. In such cases "what you don't know" could very well hurt
you, and you might not be aware of what harm is being done. We refer to
these "reality pictures" or "experiential overlays" as holographic
inserts. It is time that humans became aware of the existence of such
technologies, for they have been used throughout your history to alter
and bend the nature of your historical development.

Holographic Inserts Holographic inserts work in a number of ways. First
of all, in order to create them a working comprehension of the
relationships between biology, energy and perception is required. Humans
in your system presently do not have such a working knowledge. When the
mechanics of energy are understood (as they are by groups such as the
Zeta), it is quite easy to impulse the base DNA codes of humans to carry
an altered or contrived "program" or electrical imprint. As the base DNA
code is electrically altered the entire physiology of the individual on
the chemical and hormonal level is altered. The neurological structure
then processes this altered code and, through the intrinsic mechanisms
of bodily matter, brain and senses, a literal hologram is manufactured.
This process may be difficult for you to understand as your sciences do
not as yet realize the rudimentary mechanics of how the illusion of
three-dimensionality itself is created through the human organism. The
human body has not as yet been identified as the living "holographic
projection mechanism" that it is in actuality. Though these
understandings would be helpful to you, they are not necessary for you
to begin working with Keylonta codes. Even if you do not fully
understand the "how" of these mechanics you can benefit by learning
technology that will better allow you to direct the result of these
energy manipulations. As the neurological structure processes the
altered codes, the individual will perceive outside of himself, as
three-dimensional matter the images and events or "reality pictures"
that were programmed into his DNA. Some of these codes can be contrived
to become "permanent" additions to the original DNA base code. This
process can be used to assist humanity in reaching great levels of
spiritual enlightenment, physical health and beauty, and mental and
emotional expansion. But it can also be used to create horrific traumas
upon the human biological organism and the consciousness that depends
upon this organism for its three-dimensional life. Holographic inserts
are presently being used against you by the Zeta and other groups. If
you can learn some of these mechanics (through Keylonta) you can stop
them from manipulating you. You can protect yourselves and keep your
perceptions clear. And you can grow. Events have already been set in
motion to begin using holographic inserts on a mass level. This is part
of the aforementioned Zeta agenda. Individuals have been tested and
experimented upon for some time as the appropriate processes were
fine-tuned. The Zeta are now ready to begin using holographic inserts on
a mass level, starting with small groups and later moving into whole
collectives. The Interior Government has long allowed such
experimentation to take place, and they themselves have been the
greatest test subjects for the Zeta; they succumbed to the very tactics
they were trained by the Zeta to employ against other humans. Do not be
surprised if in years to come you begin to see more and more reports of
odd happenings witnessed by masses of people appearing in your news
media and tabloids. Many of these will not be "made up" by overzealous
reporters, but will mark actual events of holographic inserts in
operation. Next we will discover how holographic inserts have been used
in relation to what you call the "UFO abduction" phenomena. Mechanics of
Visitor Abduction We have explained to you in the beginning of this
writing the different categories into which UFO phenomena may fall, some
being benign manifestations of natural phenomena, others being
intentional or unintentional contact with sentient beings from your or
other systems. We have explained to you that what appear to be
solid-matter physical objects are at times illusions created as other
dimensional phenomena interface with your three-dimensional system. If
one were able to control and direct the movement of an object through
dimensions or time portals, and were familiar with the different forms
that object takes within the various dimensions, it is possible that
alterations could purposely be made to objects by moving them through
dimensions. That is, the form of an object in one dimension could be
changed by moving it into another dimension for alteration, then
returning it to its original dimension where the other-dimensional
alteration would appear as a change in form. This process is called
transmutation of form, and it is accomplished through dimensional
transmigration. Familiarity with this concept will facilitate your
understanding of the nature of the UFO abduction phenomenon. If an
object existed in the form of a rock in your dimension, let us say, this
rock could be moved into another dimensional frequency, altered there,
and then returned to its original dimension where the alteration would
then manifest as form change in terms characteristic of that dimension.
Your rock for example, could be taken to an adjacent dimension and
altered, then reemerge as a tree when placed back in its original
system. How do these mechanics apply to abduction scenarios? Quite
simply, the human "object" (which is what many Zeta view humans as
being) is temporarily neutralized using the Keylonta codes--- perceptual
interference is orchestrated. During this sensual interruption the human
mental awareness ("mental body") becomes momentarily disengaged from the
biological structure. The mind or "mental self- awareness" is placed in
a temporary state of suspended animation. It is put "on hold" within the
three-dimensional frequency, while the biological organism is taken into
a different dimensional frequency or through a time portal. This part of
the process is what creates the experience of a seeming "separation of
bodies" often reported in abduction cases. It seems as though an astral
body is being pulled out of a physical body, the same experience known
as astral projection. (Not all abduction episodes contain this
particular feature, but many do). And it is here that many abductees
become confused as to whether their experiences were "really real"
physical events or whether they were mental events, hallucinations,
dreams or excursions into the "astral plane." The reality of what is
occurring is that the energy field of the mind and that of the cellular
pattern of the flesh are being put on "different speeds" (different
rates of vibrational oscillation). The mind- field is accelerated, its
rate of oscillation increased, which creates the sense data of the
lessening of density. Meanwhile the energetic field of the molecular
structure is decelerated, its rate of oscillation slowed, creating the
bodily-sensed data of an increase in density. The oscillation rates of
both of these energy fields are held within a certain interval or within
a particular ratio, which temporarily disengages the connection between
them. The mental awareness and the body consciousness thus are split,
placed within two separate frequency bands. The mind is held at a
frequency higher than that of the third dimension---its oscillation rate
is increased. While the mind is accelerated and tuned into a higher
frequency pattern, the body is decelerated, its oscillation rate slowed,
tuning it to a lower frequency. In greater terms this maneuver
constitutes moving the mental awareness into the "future" while placing
the cellular consciousness in the "past." After the particular ratio
between body and mind speeds is reached, the body is then quickly
accelerated in oscillation, enabling it to "leap" through a time or
dimensional portal. Thus by manipulating the speeds of various aspects
of the bio-energetic field a window in time is created, which enables
the body-matter to move through portals without its form being
destroyed. In abduction cases that utilize the above manipulations the
physical body is taken, but it is shape-shifted, literally turned into
light formations within another time and dimensional frequency. It is
first taken backward in time to its pre-matter form, then catapulted
from that condition into the future of that form where the desired
manipulations are made, and then moved from that future perspective
backward toward the present where it is then re-engaged to the mental
energy aspects that had been "put on hold" to await the body's return.
Alterations to the body are actually carried out while the body is in a
non-solid form existing as light and sound patterns, but upon the
integration of the body with the mental facility these alterations then
take on the symbol codes that give the illusion of form. The alterations
of light appear in memory as the medical experiments so often recalled
in abductions. To the body and mind these events will indeed appear as
if they had taken place physically, and in one sense they have, for the
physical sensory imprint is valid within the present moment focus of the
consciousness. The remembered events were real but they took place
within the future where matter-solidity had not yet caught up with them.
When intersecting these future events with a conscious mind focused in
the present the events will immediately be translated into the codes of
the mental body, thus giving solidity of form to the remembered events.
Memory is stored within the body cells and DNA, and so the events
experienced in a future time are recorded there, but they will be
remembered consciously only as the mental body grows to the point where
it is able to translate that stored data into symbols. The mental body
can only translate impulses that fall within its range of frequency, so
within abductions of this kind the remembered events will unfold "over
time" as the mental awareness grows and expands its frequency rate to
translate a greater variety of "impulse packages." Alterations that take
place during such experiences may take the form of physical
manipulations, as well as that of remembered events. Scars may appear
upon the body as the organism reintegrates the cellular and mental
codes, implants of devices may be located within the body, fetuses may
be found missing. The body will translate into physical reality the
events it has encountered and that are stored within its imprint,
whether those events occurred in the past or the future. (In present
time you may fall and immediately your body produces a bruise which
seems to be the result of the fall. In greater reality what you are
seeing is a complex interplay of electrical impulse manifestations. The
"result" appears to your conscious mind to have been created through the
"cause." The actual manufacturing of the result and cause together elude
you as they take place within frequencies not within your range of
translation. The illusion of what you perceive as "cause and effect" is
a primary base code of the three-dimensional system, so what you
perceive three-dimensionally will appear to follow that pattern. In
greater terms both cause and effect exist at once as part of a whole
pattern, and what you see as this relationship is simply that pattern
viewed "in pieces." Because of the alignment of what we call your
Genetic Time Codes you will perceive one part of the pattern first, what
you know as the "cause." And the other part of the pattern, what you
know as the "effect", following it in time. The bruise and the fall
exist at once as part of the same pattern, though it appears as if the
fall created the bruise. In terms of greater reality it could just as
easily be said that the bruise created the fall, as each exist as part
of a whole pattern in which the existence of one implies the existence
of the other. You will see the "cause and effect" as dictated by your
Genetic Time Codes, rather than the true construction of the entire
event and the process of its manifestation.). In regard to the
manifestations of alterations conducted during abduction experiences,
the "result" (implant, scar, etc.) exists as part of the whole event of
the process of the alterations, but you perceive it "in pieces," where
as the abduction seems to have taken place in the past of your present
and was responsible for the creation of the effect. What in truth has
taken place is that your consciousness, in its present moment of focus,
has participated in action taking place within frequency bands that are
both higher and lower than those of your present moment frequency. All
of these frequency bands exist at once in the ever-present now, but you
perceive them strung out in linear fashion because of the arrangement of
your Genetic Time Codes. As your consciousness is fragmented into the
various frequency bands, then reassembled into the frequency of your
present moment focus, the Genetic Time Codes sort and organize this
electrically coded experiential data into a pattern that your conscious
mind can synthesize into linear, sequential reality. The other frequency
(which is conceptually synonymous with "other time") events are
translated, through the biology, into "remembered action" and the
"result of that action", which sets in motion the body's innate
sensory-projection mechanisms that create the physically observable
manifestation. The important thing for you to realize is that such
abduction experiences are quite real and valid, just as real as any
seemingly "normal" event within your three-dimensional reality. Both
types of events, however, employ mechanics that you are presently
unaware of, but in the case of the abductions you get a little more of a
glimpse as to how these mechanics operate. To understand the nature of
abductions you will begin to find a greater understanding of the nature
of three- dimensional reality. Not all abduction cases involve the
transmigration (movement) of the physical body through other frequency
bands/time zones/dimensions. Not all human bodies are able to withstand
such process, some would be destroyed or damaged by this type of
manipulation. In cases where this transmutation process is employed the
mind will at first have no recall of the events, missing time is
experienced as the body and mind reharmonize their respective rates of
oscillation and build the necessary neurological and chemical structures
that will allow the "flow" of energy between them to be reestablished.
It takes time in your system for the conscious mind to "catch up with"
the altered bodily imprint. At first the new imprint alterations "do not
compute" within the mental body and a "mental blank spot" is left until
the organism re-balances itself. When the mental facility integrates the
new imprint "flashes" of memory will then come into conscious awareness,
most often "triggered" through the associative process. That is, a
sensory perception (sight, smell, noise, etc.), will trigger the release
of the new memory into awareness. Such memories can also be found
through techniques like hypnosis, where the conscious mind is slightly
disassociated from its focus within the present moment and is encouraged
to traverse cellular memory. Often there will be memory of an odd event
("missing time", a UFO sighting, or uncharacteristic emotional or
behavioral reaction, etc....), surrounding the event which has not yet
surfaced into conscious memory. Hypnosis would then serve to assist the
mind to translate and integrate more of the new imprint, bringing it to
the surface of memory. The event of sequential memory of the abduction
returning to the abductee marks the point of integration of the new
cellular imprint; the "mind has caught up with the experiences of the
body" so to speak. It constitutes the return of the full consciousness
(which was fragmented during the event) to the focus within the present
time, or the return of consciousness to its original frequency band. To
integrate the full imprint of such a multi-time event the human organism
literally manufactures new, minute neurotransmitters and nerve networks
to accommodate the altered DNA imprint. Your three-dimensional
instruments presently cannot record most of these activities as these
instruments are "keyed" or "tuned" to only the three- dimensional time
coordinate in your particular frequency. You may eventually be able to
chart the "results" (the portion of this activity that does take place
within the three-dimensional frequency) of such base code manipulations,
but you will not find the "cause" as it exists outside of the
three-dimensional frequency band in which your instruments have their
being. Abduction episodes following the format just described would be
considered clear-cut abductions. They are orchestrated in a straight-
forward manner, transmutation and alteration of form through the process
of transmigration. Not all abductions are clear-cut. Clear-cut
manipulations are carried out upon those who possess a biological
organism that can withstand the rigors of transmigration. Most of your
population, at the present time, cannot biologically endure such
manipulation. Some abduction cases involve partial use of transmigration
in combination with tactics of perceptual interference, whereby
holographic inserts (as described in previous sections) are used to
"cloak" the abductee's perception of the abduction event prior to the
"splitting" of awareness and transmigration. In these cases you will
often find "cover memories" that will emerge in place of or in
conjunction with actual memories of the abduction event. Abductees may
remember seeing wolves, owls, or humans instead of "aliens and
spaceships." The emotional reaction to these cover images will seem out
of place, however, over-reactive to the seeming content. This is a clue
to the possible application of cover memories and holographic inserts.
This tactic is most often used to distract the subject long enough to
instigate the splitting of awareness; it is a more delicate procedure in
some subjects and takes more time to achieve. The inserts create a
diversion from the actual events that would, of themselves, cause panic
or hysteria, two conditions that can have dire effects during the
"splitting" process. Still other types of abductions utilize holographic
inserts exclusively. They are often used to create present-moment or
remembered experiences of "traveling aboard a spacecraft" to distract
the mental awareness of the abductee while electromagnetic alterations
(using Keylonta) are performed on the body while it remains within the
three-dimensional frequency. Here transmigration would not be involved.
This type of abduction usually occurs when the subject's biology cannot
tolerate the transmigration of dimensional movement. (Such as is the
case with cattle and most other animal life indigenous to Earth. Some of
your reported "cattle mutilations" occurred as a result of this type of
experimentation.) There are two primary reasons that "alien abductions"
occur:  1. For abductee training: Though it may be difficult for you to
believe, many humans have willingly agreed to participate in visitor
projects. Most often these agreements were entered during the human's
dream state through the subconscious facility. Many such agreements were
arranged prior to birth, whereas the soul awareness of the incoming
infant chose to accept as a possibility the fulfillment of a contract
with souls who would not be manifesting in human form. (And yes, dear
humans, for those of you who are unsure, you do indeed have a soul or an
identity greater than what can be held within the confines of your
matter-form.) We refer to these contracts as Soul Agreements. Abductions
of this kind are not intrinsically intrusive but they may seem to be to
the conscious personality who has not remembered the agreement or who
has blocked the awareness of soul. Abductions involving soul agreements
have many purposes. Most often the human is given information and
lessons during the experience which will then be used to assist the
abductors in the greater plan upon which all have agreed. The majority
of these encounters serve to assist in the positive evolution of
humanity. Though the abductee may never consciously remember what has
been learned, the information and training will motivate him/her on the
subconscious level toward fulfilling the greater purposes for which the
soul had incarnated. 2. For study, experimentation and genetic seeding
by self- serving groups such as the unenlightened Zeta. Though the
abductors in these cases are not deliberately initiating harm against
their human subjects, neither are they operating under a contract of
consent. Many abductors view the human in a manner similar to how the
human views the animal and plant kingdoms. They simply do not consider
the human as an intelligent life form, but rather as a natural resource
that can be used and exploited for their own purposes. Humans who have
worked to build the conscious connection to soul and who have a healthy
flow of the souls energy running through them will usually not encounter
such events. Often the human soul will allow for the event of violation
to take place so that the individual will begin to reach for that soul
connection. Humans have free will and do not have to follow the impulse
of soul, though it is in the human's best interest to do so. The soul
and subconscious awareness will often allow for tragedies from the
personality's perspective if the personality has become so immersed in
its finite identity that it blocks out cognition of and cooperation with
the soul. Abductions that occur without soul agreements are a violation
to the human subject. These events can be quite traumatic. (You might
begin to speculate about how your laboratory mice might feel at the
hands of your human scientists.) The human is viewed as a thing rather
than a being with needs, desires and feelings. Human genetic material is
quite valuable to some ET groups, and there are interspecies breeding
experiments underway, particularly within the Zeta factions. The Zeta
have had some success with this hybrid race and their experimentation
continues. Self awareness and soul awareness are the human's greatest
protection from abduction violation. The abductee-training encounters
are usually perceived by the human as traumatic until the personality
moves through the fear of the unknown and actively pursues answers,
support and validation of the experience. Once fear subsides further
conscious contact is usually initiated by the teacher abductors and the
human embarks upon a path of accelerated spiritual growth and awakening
to the soul identity. Some abductees will begin to remember the soul
agreements they had made and center the rest of their lives around
fulfilling those agreements. In the abductions that involved violation
of the human subject there is usually great fear, anger and a feeling of
helplessness on the part of the abductee. Many such abductees will never
have recall of their abduction experience, but may manifest
psychological or emotional difficulties as the intrusion has registered
on a subconscious level. Others will find recall and will be faced with
trying to find a perspective on what they have experienced. Very little
support exists for people who suffer this type of trauma. If they turn
toward the government or authorities for answers and assistance they
most often find their character attacked and their encounter
invalidated. The medical and psychiatric professions presently offer
little help to such people, as a general rule, because the possibility
of the experience being valid does not fit into their belief paradigm.
As more and more abduction cases come into public awareness and more
abductees speak out about the encounters, a greater support network is
emerging. (The Interior Government will resist this movement at every
turn.) The most terrifying aspect of alien abduction for both groups of
abductees is that no one seems to have any answers. Even if they can
find the support network most within that network are uncertain as to
what they are dealing with in terms of the abductors. Comfort may be
found in sharing that uncertainty, but peace and understanding may still
seem quite elusive. It is for this reason that we have brought this
information to you, hoping to reach those of you who need it most. Those
of you who need to understand the reasons and purposes behind the alien
abduction experience---we bring to you information that is new to your
time, but it is indeed timely. We hope to inspire you to learn more
about the nature of your reality and the very real aspect of your
reality called alien abduction.