Chapter 5: Awareness,
Emotion, and Intuition

Awareness In presenting this material we are not trying to frighten or
mislead you, but we are trying to help those who are ready to become
aware. Your true "salvation," protection and power will come through
awareness, not through subjugation of self to illusions of outside
authority. It takes courage to become aware and choose to look beyond
the pat answers your culture has offered you for so long. Many of the
problems presently facing humans are not created by humans alone. You
have been left blind to the outside involvement that has influenced your
development throughout history. Involvement of races of beings from
other dimensions and other galactic origins. You presently have little
idea of how drastically this involvement has influenced your evolution
or how fully you have been manipulated. As long as you are unaware you
will not remember what has been stolen from you by certain of these
visiting groups (the Zeta being only one member of a larger force), and
that is precisely how they would like to keep the situation. Those who
care about your evolution, who desire to see your species reach the
freedoms, joys and power shared by many within the universe, realize the
time has come for you to be informed. And so we offer to you the
information you need in your growth to awareness. Holographic inserts
are a reality. This technology has been used to direct your race many
times since its rebirth upon the planet Earth. Some of your historical
"facts" are actually records of the dramas staged through holographic
inserts. In the last section we discussed the use of "forced matrix
transplants." This idea may seem strange to you, perhaps impossible when
viewed from your present state of disinformation. It might surprise you
to know that this tactic has been used upon your species in the past,
and is partially responsible for your present state of unawareness Both
holographic inserts and matrix transplants can be used to assist you. In
your distant past, after certain mal-aligned ET forces began disrupting
the genetic code of your developing species, other well intended
interstellar groups decided to intervene on your behalf. Certain Soul
Matrices or soul families agreed to birth into your three- dimensional
system and take on human form so that the digressive genetic code could
be redirected back toward its original pattern. Through these highly
evolved beings entering your system new probabilities for development
were given to the human species. The period of time we are referring to
involves a segment of linear history about 5,509,000 years ago. During
this time there occurred events of which you have no record. These
events did not involve a human strain of biology, but rather numerous
others from your star system and others. We refer to these events as the
Electric Wars.

The Electric Wars The Electric Wars lasted in your terms about 900
years. These events were orchestrated by certain factions of
interstellar cultures who desired "possession" of the Earth territories.
Some wanted it for observational purposes, others for exploitation. The
beings who originally created the Turaneusiam race (first human
prototype) wanted these territories protected so that their experiment
could again be attempted. In order to secure the Earth territories for
the rebirth of the Turaneusiam race its creators had to make agreements
with certain Interdimensional forces who possessed the power to reclaim
the Earth territories. The Electric Wars began when pro- and anti-human
ET factions fought over humanity's continuing right to evolve on Earth.
Other-dimensional forces were brought in to resolve the drama. These
were not forces of a biological nature but rather "pure beings" of power
and awareness. Some refer to them as the "Solar Lords," others call them
the "Great White Brotherhood." We know them as the Breneau. We cannot
describe to you the nature of their reality for you presently do not
have the conceptual basis for this understanding. The Breneau agreed to
assist certain factions of the group who had created the Turaneusiam
prototype. The creators of the Turaneusiam were a large, diversified
group from your universe and also from other dimensional universes. Some
had more involvement in the Turaneusiam-12 tribes experiment than
others. Two groups from your galactic co-ordinate had greater interest
in the experiment because of their proximity to Earth. Being part of the
same intergalactic structure as Earth, their own realities would be
affected by what transpired upon the planet. Knowing this, these groups
petitioned the Breneau for assistance in protecting the planet for
further development. The two groups we are referring to here are
associated with the galactic coordinates you know as the Sirian and
Pleiadian star systems. In exchange for the assistance granted by the
Breneau these two cultures agreed to allow the Breneau to intervene in
the 12-tribes experiment if they did not approve of the developments
that took place. The Breneau are concerned with the successful evolution
of all life throughout the entire Time Matrix and interdimensional
systems. They granted their assistance under the agreement that the
Sirian and Pleiadian cultures would step in on their behalf and allow
the experiment to be redirected should it at any time pose a threat to
the intergalactic/interdimensional structures. These cultures agreed to
play this role allowing the Breneau to work as overseers of the project.
About 20 million years ago the new strain of Turaneusiam was entered
into Earth and began to develop and again digress, and the Breneau
petitioned the Sirian councils for intervention in the project. They did
not desire to see a repetition of the previous Taran- Turaneusiam
experiment, which caused the digression of Tara's planetary structure.
At first the Breneau wanted the experiment to be ended, the species
destroyed and the sub-prototypes put out of operation. But the Sirians,
on behalf of the Taran Turaneusiam from the first experiment, who had
evolved well in other systems, requested that instead of ending the
strain the Breneau assist them once more in redirecting the strain into
a more productive pattern of evolution. Many in the multidimensional
structures petitioned for this intervention, and so the Breneau agreed
to work with them in cultivating a species that possessed greater
potentials. The Breneau made further agreements with certain Soul Matrix
families that existed in dimensions more closely related to the Breneau.
These groups were asked to join the experiment taking place on Earth and
to assist in restructuring the genetic imprint of the species. These
groups entered into different time coordinates within the Earth
structure and began seeding a higher mutation of the genetic code. These
groups were used as the catalyst for matrix transplant. Large numbers of
humans were led, through holographic inserts into training programs that
would allow for the development of intellect and greater self awareness.
Many of these early humans had already digressed to the point where
their original Soul Matrices had become fragmented and cut off from the
Time Matrix grid. In order for these beings to evolve out of their
digression, a matrix transplant was used to "re-power" their diminishing
Soul Matrices. The soul families agreed to allow for this, so these were
not forced matrix transplants. The Soul Matrix families themselves were
also transplanted to other Matrices that had their organization and
energies intact. There were numerous Host Matrix families involved, all
of them from other dimensional bands. Each of them had their own
orientation and methods, and brought their own unique perspectives and
energetic coding to the experiment. The human strain would have been
lost to digression and self-termination if it had not been for this
intervention. You would not be "who you are today" had these events not
transpired. During these centuries of re-training and genetic
reorganization the humans evolved. Some were unable to make the
transition successfully and became "extinct" in your terms. Those humans
who had interbred with the animal presence indigenous to Earth had the
most difficult time with reorganization. Their biologies could not
undergo the transmutations involved in the development of intellect as
you know it, and so they met with demise, usually due to changing
environmental circumstances. Other humans, whose strain had not been
overly diluted by animal interbreeding were able to make the transition
successfully. The perceptual quality you know as intellect was born
during the first Seeding of the 12 tribes, between 20 and 25 million
years ago. Though the Breneau involvement did preserve the species, and
the majority of Soul Matrix transplants were successful, these events
also created other challenges for the developing species. As mentioned
in the previous section, Soul Matrix transplants create a variety of
"side effects." One such effect being the clearing of organic memory, or
removal of the information stored in the original Soul Matrix. With this
loss of memory there is often the re-emergence of trace or "ghost"
memory imprints as the biological cells still hold residual electrical
impulses from the original pattern. Your species is presently suffering
from these effects, induced by subsequent Soul-Matrix transplants that
occurred thousands of years ago in terms of your time. As the species
evolved it was necessary for the new Host Matrices to "create a
remembered past" for its newly acquired aspects in time. The genetic
material that had once linked these aspects to their original Soul
Matrices remained disassembled within the cellular structure of the
body, while the Host Matrices manufactured "new memories" and new
ideologies that were appropriate to the times and stage of development
of the species. All of your major world religions were seeded into your
culture during this time of transplanting and reorganization of the
genetic code. The problem of "ghost" impressions or fragmented bits of
original cellular memory required some framework of explanation to the
developing intellect of the species. Some groups handled this problem by
making these impressions "off limits" to the human, teaching that these
images and impressions were "bad "or "evil" and must be avoided. The
intellectual facilities of the digressed human species at that time was
not ready to understand concepts of genetics, thus they were not ready
to comprehend the truth of their origins. By leading them away from the
old memory imprints and into a focus upon the new program that the Hosts
were trying to instill, the humans were allowed to develop a clear
linear focus of identity in time, so as to become functional within
linear, present-moment reality, while developing a sense of consistent
linear progression of identity through time. At that time exploring the
"ghost" images that were surfacing from the dismantled DNA would have
created such bleed-through from the old Soul Matrix that development of
intellect would have been impossible. So in the early teachings things
were put simply. Gods, "demons" (the ghost images emerging from cellular
memory), laws and punishments. Portions of the truth, in diluted and
symbolic form were given to the species as self awareness grew. Humans
of the First Seeding evolved under host matrix transplants until the
outbreak of the Electric Wars 5,509,000 years ago. Matrix transplants
were also used successfully during the Second Seeding after the close of
the Electric Wars.

Creation Myths The religions were given to you by the Host Matrix
families, according to their particular orientation. Creation Myths were
provided and orchestrated through holographic inserts. Though divergent
in content these seed religions all shared practical information for day
to day behavior that would assist the species in its evolution.
Originally all of the "sacred teachings" addressed the reality of the
Soul Matrix family, the universal teachings of the Dora-Teura as they
are often called. Each of your present world religions has its common
root in the ancient teachings of the Dora-Teura. The original plan for
the species, as dictated by the original Turaneusiam creator groups and
their Breneau allies, was the evolution of the species and the growth of
intellect and intelligence to the point where the truth of origins could
be understood. Once the new human sub-species evolved to comprehend
their origins they would be able to reassemble the dismantled DNA within
their cellular structure, reorganize the actual original memory
imprints, and with the help of interdimensional teachers reconnect to
their original soul matrix families. For only through this connection to
their original Soul Matrices could the species re-bundle the 12-strand
DNA of the first Turaneusiam prototype. If the 12 sub-species of humans
seeded after the destruction of the Taran-Turaneusiam race could fulfill
their genetic imprint the biological transmutation of the species into
that original "Super Human" Turaneusiam race could be achieved.
Throughout time, teachings have been given to your race to assist its
evolution toward that greater purpose. The teachings presently available
to you contain some of the original information, but all of them have
been purposely manipulated, edited and rearranged. While there are many
within the universe and the other dimensions who desire to see the
fulfillment of your genetic potentials, and who are ready to welcome you
as the new bearers of the Turaneusiam strain, there are also some who do
not wish for you to achieve this. If you will recall from earlier in
this section we discussed the "Electric Wars." There were numerous
groups in competition for the Earth territories at that time and it was
only because of the intervention of the Breneau that the Earth was
protected as a forum in which the Turaneusiam could be reseeded and
evolve. The original Taran-Turaneusiam had been created as a guardian
creator species. Their purpose in maturity was to become conscious
co-creators with other universal cultures and to serve as guardians and
overseers for the evolution of the life forms upon Tara and also for the
planet itself. Can you perhaps understand why some of those groups who
had interest in Earth and Tara for their own purposes would not want you
to evolve back into the original grandeur that once belonged to you? If
you succeed in your transmutation into your original form, the planets
and their destiny will be in your hands. You will be the protectors of
these territories, and it is you who will stand in the way of the other
forces that desire to utilize these planets. The Breneau originally
chose to assist in your evolution because, if success was achieved, the
best interests of the planets and their local galaxies would be served.
The Breneau were not supportive of the agendas of these other groups as
they were primarily self serving. If your experiment is a success, the
other groups will not have access to Earth and Tara. And some of these
groups cannot accept that decision. If your experiment fails, and your
species proves itself unable to fulfill its role as Guardian Creator,
the Breneau have agreed to withdraw their involvement. This would open
the Earth and Taran territories to other potential guardians. Though
this would not be in the best interest of the evolution of the planets
and their other life forms, this would be allowed, as Earth and Tara
exist within a free-will universe. Much hangs in the balance within your
evolution, and your species has matured enough to begin to understand
the truth of its lineage and the role it is intended to play. The
teachings that have been given to you throughout time are intended to
assist you in your evolution. Those who desire to thwart your progress,
who desire to keep you within the role of unaware, subservient workers,
have time and again invaded the sanctity of those original teachings.
Holographic inserts have been used throughout your history to distort
the teachings and confuse or mislead the species. And other attempts at
forced matrix transplant have been orchestrated. We have mentioned
before the concept of a "frequency fence." Now we will elaborate upon
this idea, explaining how it has been used to create the present state
of chaos, confusion and fragmentation within your species. Then you will
begin to get an idea of what has been stolen from you, how you have been
robbed of your birthright and enslaved to do the bidding of other
dimensional and galactic groups that have little interest in your well
being. A frequency fence is a technology possessed by those who have a
working understanding of universal physics. Through the manipulation of
sound wave patterns and cycles many things can be created, for the
energy you identify as sound serves as the "glue "that holds together
matter-patterns within the Time Matrix. Those who are adept at
manipulating sound have great power at their disposal, much greater than
you can imagine. Sound directs matter, and thus anything "cloaked in
matter" can be directly influenced by sound. The human DNA functions
within a very specific pattern of frequency. This frequency directs all
of the bodies processes and thus the type and range of perception that
can be experienced through that biological organism. If one desired to
direct the focus of human perception, a knowledge of Sound Genetics
would be needed. We have previously referred to these "sound genetics"
as "the language of energy, light and sound," the language of Keylonta.
(See page 22.) "Sound genetics" are part of this language, and they have
great bearing upon the human condition. What we call the Keylonta Codes
exist within the cellular pattern of your biology, and also within the
literal strands of DNA. They represent the specific sound patterns that
combine to form the frequency bands of your biological matter, and thus
set the base frequency codes within which your conscious focus will take
place. Depending upon the arrangement and activation of these codes, you
will have either a great range of perceptual and experiential freedom or
a very limited range of focus while you are within a matter-based form.
When your species experienced the Soul Matrix transplants thousands of
years ago the DNA held certain Keylonta Code patterns that were set by
the Host Matrix families. They carefully disassembled the original codes
within your DNA and replaced these "electrified sound patterns" with
those from their own Matrix organizations. Like the interior of your
cells, the Soul Matrices and the Time and Energy Matrices are composed
and directed by these organizations of "electrified sound particles."
These particles are composed of Units Of Conscious Energy, and they
serve as carriers of identity as well as carriers of the blueprints of
matter. The patterns of your original Soul Matrices were left in
disassembled form within the cellular pattern, but were not directly
attached to the newly implemented DNA organizations that took place
through the processes of the Soul Matrix transplants. Your original
Keylonta Code patterns were left within the cellular imprint so that
once your species had evolved into cognition of its true lineage you
would have with you the original codes needed to reassemble your
connection to the original Soul Matrix. Once your species became aware
of these realities it would be able to draw these patterns out of their
latent and disorganized state and re-integrate them into the active DNA
strands. This process of re-integration would take several centuries to
complete, but in keeping the old codes stored in your cells you would
have the tools needed to begin this genetic healing. Certain key codes
that would link and organize the latent codes to your active DNA
structure were removed and stored within the Host Matrix families. In
reaching a certain level of development, physically, mentally and
spiritually, the Host Soul Matrix would then set a path of instructions
for you to follow, as individuals and groups, which would lead to the
retrieval of these stored key codes. Some of these instructions emerged
throughout your history within the sacred texts of your major religions
and belief systems. As you were led through certain progressions of
Earthly dramas you were led closer and closer to the frequencies that
would allow you to access the key codes and begin your process of
re-integration of the latent Soul Matrix particles. A portion of the
disassembled codes from your original Soul Matrices has been recently
identified by your scientists, who have labeled this sub-particle
phenomenon junk DNA. This is "no junk"! But instead part of the heritage
that will one day led you back to the wholeness of your identity. The
key codes of access that were removed and placed in storage were kept
separate from the base imprint of your DNA (and thus out of your
perceptual range) by the employment of a Frequency fence. This frequency
fence was created through "splicing out"' certain configurations within
the stored key codes, then linking together those portions that were
taken out, disconnecting them from the stored key codes. This created a
literal barrier in minute sound particles that kept your base DNA from
picking up the contents of the "electrified sound signals" that were
stored. This is a frequency fence. It is created by "editing" and
"splicing together" specific portions of a frequency band, that serves
to "remove the receivers" on one end of the wave pattern and
"quarantine" the other portions of that band, whereas the new wave
pattern generated through the splice "overrides" the original wave
structure, sending portions of it "riding above" this artificially
created wave pattern. It is a form of frequency modulation, and when
applied to the base tones (base sound units of the Keylonta Codes) of
the human DNA effectively creates a "perceptual block" by altering the
electrical impulse patterns and thus the chemical and hormonal
operations within the biological structure. The original frequency fence
employed by the Host Soul Matrices was used to allow you time to develop
as a species, without disabling your physical bodies through excessive
frequency input. The matter particles of which you were composed had to
expand through time before they would be able to hold the amount of
energy contained within the key codes. So as your intellect developed so
did your physical structure. A "natural progression to enlightenment"
would have occurred had there not been uninvited intervention on the
part of the groups who desire to see you fail in your evolutionary
mission. If things had gone well you would have developed more rapidly,
and you would be well on your way to fulfilling your Turaneusiam
imprint. But instead there were set backs. About one million years ago,
during the Second Seeding, certain of the disruptive groups began to
visit your planet in hope of figuring out a way to divert your
progression. Some of these beings were related to the Zeta Reticuli, and
carried various types of reptilian form. They were highly intelligent
but not well suited to the Earth environment.

Drakons The group that created the most disruption within your genetic
imprint was a group known as the Drakon.

        The Drakon originated from a different planetary system in your

universe. When they visited your planet during several periods of the
First, Second and Third Seedings, they created certain strains of their
own species that could live comfortably within the Earth environment.
Combining certain strains of reptilian life present upon your planet
they integrated their own coding into these hybrids. Your "dinosaurs"
were originally vegetarian and quite docile in temperament. Through the
Drakon experiments hybrids were created, carrying the more aggressive
tendencies of that race. These were the original prototypes of your
carnivorous reptiles. The Drakon used their reptilian hybrids to monitor
human development from their home system. About one million years ago,
when the Drakon had gained enough information through these
observations, they began mutating captured humans, seeding the women
through rather painful inductions carried out during their frequent
visitations. The hybrids that resulted were not what the Drakon had
hoped for, as they could not survive within the Earth environment and
had to be taken to the Drakon home planet. The Drakon-Human hybrids are
known as the Dracos reptilian race. Through experimentation upon these
hybrid creatures the Drakon were able to access some of the Keylonta
Code particles that held in place the original human frequency fence.
They "poked holes in" the existing fence (having no idea of the
potential results of their actions), which began a process of
"information leakage" from the Host Soul Matrices. The human mind and
body were not yet mature enough to assimilate these code fragments
effectively, and the fragments began to set in motion activation of the
stored original Soul Matrix codes ("junk DNA"). This created havoc
within the developing human biology, as a resurgence of the "ghost"
cellular imprints began. It was during these times that the
aforementioned Zionites (time traveling Zeta-human- Aethien hybrid from
"the future" time co-ordinates), first intervened, in hope of
accelerating the biological evolution of the species by creating hybrids
among a select group of humans. These humans were chosen randomly
throughout the 12 tribes, and were imbued with the Silicate Matrix from
the Zionite code. This allowed them to synthesize, through a course of
several generations, the Host Matrix code patterns that had "leaked"
through the holes in the frequency fence. During this time the humans
were taught the technologies need for them to begin their migration
underground, in preparation for the Drakon presence extermination
program that was scheduled to take place. About 956,500 years ago, the
cycles of the Earth pattern were approaching a time of shift, where the
magnetic grid poles would partially reverse. Aware of the problem of the
Drakon upon Earth, the Breneau agreed to accelerate this cycle slightly
so the Drakon monitors would be destroyed by the climatic changes that
would occur with the magnetic grid shift. For several hundred years
prior to the shift populations of the Earth were moved underground, the
humans as well as numerous forms of plant and animal life. (Eventually
you will find evidence of this historical period). When the pole shifts
and resulting weather changes occurred the Drakon-monitor hybrids were
destroyed, and the Drakon could no longer monitor and manipulate the
human frequency fence, as they had depended upon their Earth extensions
to carry out this manipulation. Through subsequent events, the Dracos
race was banned from Earth by Guardian forces, temporarily removing the
Drakon problem from the course of human evolution. Through these events
the original plan of human evolution was accelerated as the Zionite
"Crystal Gene" made its way into the human genetic pool. Your Biblical
stories of "Adam and Eve" bore the symbolic coloring of these events, as
"Eve eating the apple at the seduction of the serpent" symbolically
represented the Drakon forced interbreeding with the human females, and
the resulting opening of the Host Soul Matrix, the symbolic "tree of
knowledge." It was indeed the opening of this bank of knowledge that
birthed into human perception the exaggerated duality that is your
lineage. The duality of perception created by the fragments of the
original Soul Matrix memories and the new memory fragments emanating
through the "leaked" Keylonta code fragments from the Host Matrix
families. Two sets of memory imprints directing one body. This is part
of the challenge humans of your time face in gaining sovereignty over
your genetic heritage. While you remain unaware of the contents and
processes within your genetic makeup you will remain vulnerable to those
who once again wish to manipulate you away from the true purposes for
which you have come.

Intentional Distortions of Sacred Teachings We will now address the
issues involving the Zeta, their plan for using holographic inserts to
orchestrate the "mental takeover" of forced matrix transplants in hope
of gaining dominion over the Earth territory, and the need for humans to
become aware of these events and learn how to conduct themselves within
them. This "invasion of mind" has been planned by the Zeta and others
for many, many years. You have been cultivated toward its success.
Numerous attempts have been made throughout your history, by various
groups, to divert you from your successful path of evolution. As we have
said, Earth is a valuable piece of property in universal terms. The
teachings, as seeded by the Host Matrix families have been heavily
distorted. Much information was removed from these writings in order to
keep you unaware. Humans themselves, under the direction of these
mal-aligned forces, have twisted and withheld key aspects of these
teachings throughout your history, and there is not a single religious
text within your times that has not been subjected to these
manipulations. For this reason much new information is being offered,
but even with contemporary translations you must watch for these
intended distortions.  Through the distortions in your traditions you
have been taught to disown personal power, to deny your perceptions and
to perpetually distract yourselves from looking inward to the knowledge
that lives within your connection to the Host Soul Matrices that now
serve as the organizational structures for your fragmented genetic code.
These distortions in teachings have served to further rob you of the
ability to link with the Soul Matrix and instead have cultivated you to
adhere to the dictates of outside figures of authority. As we have said,
your species has been cultivated for the success of a "mental takeover"
and you are presently suffering from just that sort of takeover, as most
of you have little idea of how to connect to the Soul Matrix. In
previous sections we mentioned the "brainwashing program." This program
was set in motion by those factions desiring your failure, and they have
done a good job in coloring your perceptions to hold prejudice against
the very information that would set you free to grow and evolve
successfully. Through your traditions you have been taught to obey, to
follow blindly the ideas others have handed to you and to fear and
mistrust the very nature of your humanity. You have been taught that you
were powerless and unworthy, and that your bodies were somehow wretched
and unclean. These were not the original teachings! The manipulators
utilized portions of the original teachings, distorting them, steering
you away from the secrets held within your bodies, feeding you the
erroneous idea that you could connect with your soul by disowning the
body, when in truth you must connect with the Soul Matrix through the
biological form. The teachings were twisted to make you believe that you
could "find God" by searching outside of yourselves, or by appeasing
some self-appointed authority figure who had the power to hold your
divinity for you. You were led to follow the "letter" rather than the
"spirit" of the "law" and the "laws" you were taught to follow had been
purposely misinterpreted so the individual could not make a personal
connection to Source. At one time, during the early development of the
species, when the adepts were working to nurture the intellectual
facilities and repress the "ghost "memories, many of these teachings
were pertinent. The mental capacity of the human at that time could not
sustain the burden of certain knowledge, and so you were steered away
from that knowledge.  But this was only meant to be temporary. Instead,
through the manipulations of those repressive forces, you were kept in
darkness far beyond your time. Information was withheld even after you
had matured enough to integrate it effectively. You could compare your
species to a child, who was not allowed outside because he could only
crawl and harm might come to him. But long after that child was able to
walk the freedom of the outside world was denied. For perhaps now the
child could walk away, perhaps in his maturity the child would no longer
follow the commands of the "parent." And so it has been with the
development of your species. Though some of this denial could be
attributed to "over-protective parenting," to use an analogy, much of it
was orchestrated in order to keep you helpless and subservient to those
"parent" figures. Not all of these "parents" agreed that you should be
allowed to mature, and those who did not became the forces working
toward your demise. Who were those "parent figures" that nurtured you in
time from innocent beings of pure perception into the thinking beings of
complexity you have become in your present time? The group of
interstellar and multidimensional beings, of which the Sirian and
Pleiadian cultures are a part, who originally began the Turaneusiam
experiment so long ago. And the multitude of species from other galaxies
who originally donated their genetic imprint at the inception of this
experiment. They are your ancestors and your true forefathers (and
mothers) who "raised" you from the infancy of a new species into the
adolescence of your present stage of development. And those ancestors
are alive, not only within the genetic imprint that you carry, but also
within their own time and dimensional continuum. They are aware of you,
and they guide you still, for unlike you, they are not trapped within
their own time-space coordinate. These "parents" have protected your
species for hundreds of thousands of years. From the manipulators who
desired to "steal your nursery out from under you," and from the other
parent species who wanted to redirect the path of your evolution to
fulfill their own purposes. You were protected in your growth, and you
are still. But you are becoming wise. Wise enough to take a hand in your
own protection and in the fulfillment of your genetic heritage.
Presently the Zeta are toying with you. This scheme has already been
redirected to a large degree, but will remain a threat to you until are
able to see your way clearly through the manipulations they have in
store.

Earthseeds and Starseeds The mavericks among you, the pioneers, will
lead the way in your awakening to awareness and empowerment. They will
lead your species to the discovery and fulfillment of its genetic plan.
They are the silent leaders of your time, the speakers sent to you by
the Ancient Ones, through whom the knowledge of the original truths will
come. Some of you carry within you the assembled codes of your original
Soul Matrix, some of you evolved beyond the need of the Host Matrix
families because long ago you were gifted with the Silicate Matrix.
There are those among you now who carry the "Crystal Gene," they are on
the accelerated path of evolution, and knowingly or unknowingly, will
lead your species to freedom. They are the Starseeds. Are you one of
them? The members of your species that were not imbued with the gift of
the Zionites, who do not carry the Silicate Matrix within their "junk
DNA" and Soul Matrix codes, are known as the Earthseeds. Though all of
your species originated from the 12 tribes of the Turaneusiam sub-
prototype, not all of you were selected for the Zionite experiments and
resulting accelerated genetic strain (the original selection of the
first encounter was random). This does not mean that one group is
superior to the other in terms of innate value, as all of you are needed
for the fulfillment of the Turaneusiam imprint. But the Starseeds are
"ahead of their time" so to speak, and so they carry with them the
burden of the sleeping Earthseeds, and the responsibility of helping
them to awaken. The Earthseeds are still connected to the Host Matrix
families, they have not yet activated the Keylonta Codes that would
allow them to begin assembly of their original memory patterns. Many of
them have not yet passed through the original frequency fence that would
allow the reassembly process to begin. These humans are the most
vulnerable to manipulation through holographic inserts, and it is some
of these that the Zeta desire to utilize for the breeding of a "worker
race." The plan for the selected Earthseeds involves the eventual
contamination of food, water and air supply with certain elemental
components that would repress the emotional facilities and thus cut off
the possibility of the individuals to link with their Host Matrix
families. A biological block to the frequencies of the Host Matrices.
Those who are not selected are intended to be removed through dramas
created by holographic inserts, such as the "Christ" drama example we
used in the previous section. The Zeta have other plans in mind for the
Starseeds. The Silicate Matrix within the Starseed genetic imprint is
valuable to the Zeta. It is this element for which they search during
unauthorized (by the Soul Matrix) abductions, for they hope to create a
stronger more versatile hybrid through humans carrying this code. They
view the Starseeds as the potential breeders of a three-dimensional
Earth hybrid race that they hope will repopulate the planet once the
clearing is completed. The unenlightened Zeta also fear the Starseeds,
as they possess the potential ability of seeing through the holographic
inserts. The Starseeds also are able to more easily partake of
multidimensional communication, which enables them to "go above the
frequency fence" the Zeta are working now to "erect" within the human
DNA code (remember, the frequency fence is a type of sound technology
that utilizes contrived frequency modulation). Because the Starseed is
already re-linked, to some degree, to its original Soul Matrix the Zeta
cannot perform a forced matrix transplant upon a Starseed without first
dismantling the Soul Matrix. This is very difficult to do with the
technology they have available. And the Starseeds are protected multi
dimensionally by the Zionites, as well as by other groups (enlightened
Zeta, Aethien, Ranthia, Sirian, Pleiadian, Breneau and many other
presences). The Starseeds are the greatest threat to the old Zeta
agenda, and so the Zeta try to find other ways in keeping them out of
operation. Zeta do whatever possible to keep the Starseed from awakening
to its true identity. A sleeping Starseed is not a threat (and is prime
for manipulation). Much of the "brainwashing program" has been employed
to keep the Starseeds sleeping through distraction and fear of their own
identities as appearing "out of the norm." They have also instigated a
campaign to create separation and segregation between the Starseeds and
Earthseeds, and also between Starseed groups, thereby exerting social
pressure upon the awakening individuals. The Zeta and the Interior
Governments have also "pushed" in certain places and in certain times
within the Medical communities. The movement to discredit holistic
therapies, and to use drugs for the treatment of "emotional" conditions
not of a psychotic nature, the prejudice within the psychiatric
professions toward "spiritual" or "paranormal" experience, the
repression of "women's issues" and "minority" rights---all of these
things are fueled by Zeta "agitation" in the "right places at the right
times." The Zeta and Interior also infiltrate religious communities when
needed, to insure that the factions will remain at odds, to ensure that
humans will not band together in tolerance. For that would be (and will
be) the demise of the old Zeta agenda. You would not believe the issues
within your public forum that have come under Zeta/Interior influence at
one time or another. Why do you think issues of UFO sightings are
repressed and censored from the media whenever possible? Who supports
the networks? Advertisers, of course. Who might be influencing
conglomerates "behind the scenes"? Perhaps a few "little grey shadows?"

Women Presently the Zeta and the Interior government are backing a
strong campaign against women. It is being orchestrated subtly,
smoothly, so as to go unnoticed. But the programming is present. Playing
upon women's innate love for and bonding with their offspring the
Interior movement is aimed at reconditioning women to view themselves as
breeders first. Rather than supporting the development of the female
identity as a balanced force, these subliminal campaigns are playing
upon women's guilt, coercing them to feel "incomplete" if they do not
breed, and to feel they must martyr personal identity in order to be
"good parents." Women are being programmed to mistrust their bodies and
especially their emotions. Both men and women have been programmed to
repress their emotions, and to mistrust their intuitions. (It "just so
happens" that the emotional and intuitive facilities are the primary
means by which humans can see through and break out of holographic
inserts.) Have you ever thought about the deeper messages being sent to
you through your media? You must understand that the old Zeta agenda
calls for "women as breeders and men as workers" in the orchestration of
planetary repopulation. Is it any wonder that they would support and
encourage these "traditional" values? Who do you think might have helped
your species to develop "traditional values" that served to segregate
the genders, pitting them against each other in a power struggle, rather
than uniting them in co-creative partnership as they were intended? The
idea of traditional values has been purposely promoted to you in
distorted form. It has been promoted with an implied subjugation of the
female role. This distortion was started thousands of years ago to keep
the wisdom of the United Genders out of human perception. And the Zeta
are now playing upon those themes to further divide you and "keep you
stuck" within the old fragmented genetic imprint. Until you overcome
these issues, and the petty power struggles they breed, you will not
know what freedom is. The "traditional roles" of the genders were
originally intended as a co-creative structure, built upon mutual
respect and personal freedom. They were optional roles, not intended to
be socially imposed. Men or women who did not want to play these roles
to each other and within the society had other legitimate options to
choose from. This is not the case within your present world societies.
You have allowed yourselves to be robbed of a precious freedom. Only
you, as individuals can return that freedom to yourselves.

Soul Matrix Protection The first and most important thing you can do to
protect yourself from holographic inserts and forced matrix transplants
is to open your mind and belief system to the reality of the presence of
the Soul Matrix. Whether you are Earthseeds or Starseeds, the fact that
you exist implies the existence of the soul matrix, either the Host Soul
Matrix of the Earthseeds or the Original Soul Matrix of the Starseed.
Once you have acknowledged the existence of the matrix then actively
petition this soul family/identity grouping to assist you in
strengthening this connection. Reserve some time each day for meditation
or prayer (which ever idea you are most comfortable with) in which you
focus your attention on making this connection and develop the skill of
quieting your mind and body. Find the "place of peace" within you (this
does exist and can he found) and center yourself there for at least a
few minutes daily. Choose to evolve consciously and ask your Soul Matrix
to assist you in ways you can understand. Reach for the higher knowing
within your soul matrix, and it will guide you. Begin to review your
emotional reality and sensitize yourself to those areas of repression.
Begin to work through your fears inviting your Soul Matrix to assist
you. (Working with the Soul Matrix directly can often accomplish more in
one week than years of psychotherapy, although therapy can be a useful
tool when used wisely). Make a commitment to developing your spiritual
awareness, and know that if you learn to look within effectively you
have all that you need to spiritually grow. Your "spirit" is your Soul
Matrix, and you are never without it. The second most important thing
you can do to avert holographic inserts is to join together in tolerance
with the other members of your species. The Zeta and the Interior
Government use the concept of "divide and conquer," so be aware and
begin to de-program yourselves from "common ideas" you may hold that
serve to divide rather than unite people. Outgrow your own prejudice and
begin to see the common elements between peoples instead of the
differences. Work with your own beliefs and emotions as individuals and
come together in groups to support world harmony, peace and brotherhood.
Observe your "traditional" beliefs for a time and choose to uphold only
those that promote tolerance between people, respect for all life forms
(even the "bad guys," whomever they may be) and trust of the life force
or "soul within you." Be wary of ideologies that steer you away from
creating a personal relationship with a "higher power" and substitute
"hero worship" of authority figures for a private relationship to the
spiritual aspects of your being. Support each other in your growth to
spiritual awareness, regardless of what path you take, and do not fall
into the trap of condemning others who do not view spirituality the way
you do. Become committed to holding a higher vision of brotherhood for
the people of the planet, and a vision of balance for the planet itself.
Become the Guardian you were created to be and help others to do the
same. These are a few things you can do to begin learning the processes
necessary to put yourself "out of range" of holographic inserts. If the
Zeta have a hard time using the inserts to direct the populace because
the people have become skilled at directing their minds, the Zeta will
not be able to fulfill their desire of forced matrix transplant into the
Zeta-mind collective. Humans have the power to "stop this nightmare"
before it goes any further---perceptual freedom is a precious gift. If
you are wise you will not allow it to be stolen from you without a
fight!

Emotion Human Emotion is the key to human "salvation," for it is through
the perceptual structures of the emotional facility that truth can be
discerned. Holographic inserts cannot be detected through the logical
mind, mechanical instrumentation (as possessed within your present level
of technology) or the five sense perceptual data you are accustomed to
using. These inserts, however, can be felt, sensed through the emotional
and intuitive facility, and can be detected through the use of Higher
Sensory Perception ("HSP"). HSP involves using the seven senses of the
human organism that exist at a higher frequency than the five identified
senses with which you are familiar. Because these sense facilities
themselves exist within the higher-frequency bands of the human
bioenergetic field, they are able to bring in and translate (through the
Keylonta Codes) higher frequency data (some can translate ultra-low
frequency also). The energy that links the human to its Soul Matrix is
high frequency energy. The "higher" senses of HSP are the facilities
used to translate Soul Matrix information, through the body, into the
human awareness. Holographic inserts are "broadcast" within a certain
frequency range (in your case, the range of the average, or mean, of the
five-sense human perceptual range) outside of which the "matter
illusion" of the hologram begins to deteriorate. To create mass
holographic inserts the Zeta have to create a frequency fence (by
manipulating the Keylonta Codes within the human DNA using sound) that
"blocks out" the higher and lower frequency bands, "sealing in" the
human perceptual range to the frequency bands used in the insert, thus
disengaging the individual's ability to translate Soul Matrix data
through the body and into conscious awareness. The development of HSP is
part of the human evolutionary path, and the body's ability to process
the higher frequency information is just emerging into your species on a
mass level. Certain Keylonta Codes must be activated by energy impulsed
from the Soul Matrix to set in motion the latent codes (within the "junk
DNA") that will direct the body (through its electrical, chemical and
hormonal structures) to translate the higher frequency information.
Until these latent codes are activated the higher and lower frequency
energy will simply "fall through the gaps" within the nerve synapses.
The electrical, chemical and hormonal changes created by the latent code
activations literally add new "impulse receivers" to the neurological
structure and strengthen the nerve fibers to be able to carry a "larger
load" of electrical impulse. Without these alterations the human body
cannot translate frequency that is outside its translational range. To
increase perceptual range the body must be accelerated in its ability to
hold and process electrical data, and these accelerations are carried
out through Keylonta Code activations orchestrated by the Soul Matrix
according to its inherent cyclical rhythms. This process exists as a
natural dynamic of human evolution and is the process by which you
evolve over time. These Keylonta code activation processes can be
accelerated through conscious applications of Keylonta science. The Zeta
and the Interior Government are aware of this emerging aspect of human
evolutionary development, and desire to stop this particular ability
from surfacing within the species. If humans evolve naturally these
intrinsic abilities would put humans out of range of mental
manipulation. The Zeta chose this period in time to intervene, precisely
because of the stage of evolution humans are currently within. Their
plan cannot be fulfilled if humans, on a mass level, develop the
perceptual abilities (and resulting knowledge) that would result with
the natural evolution of the HSP. And so they enter your time coordinate
and simultaneously stage infiltrations at key points within your past
with the intention of severing the natural development of your
abilities, thus "splicing" you into the Zeta-collective mind matrix
before your emerging abilities allow you to make a strong conscious
connection to your own or host soul matrix. Once you have developed the
ability to hold a greater amount of Soul Matrix frequency within your
cellular structure the Zeta will no longer be able to manipulate you to
the degree that they presently do. They do not have the technology or
power to dismantle the Soul Matrix families of a large collective. There
would be too much interference by the helping groups that exist within
the Soul Matrix levels of reality. In order to infiltrate your planet
the Zeta must bring the human collective under their direction before
that collective evolves to a full embodiment of the Soul Matrix, and it
is your responsibility as humans to not allow this to occur. The time
cycles of human evolutionary development are not "set in stone," so to
speak. Though there are certain set cyclic patterns that govern the
movement of the galaxies, planets and all life-forms within those
systems as they spiral throughout the Time Matrix, there is some
flexibility within these set cycles. Under certain conditions
accelerations in evolution can take place within any of these cycles,
and an acceleration within one system will have a reciprocal effect upon
the cycles within related systems. Holographic inserts are presently
posing a threat to your population (even though most of you have no idea
this technology exists) and the development of your HSP is your primary
insurance for neutralizing that malaise. The Zeta desire to rob you of
your evolutionary birthright to HSP as well as removing your freedom of
effective choice through clear perception. Though the abilities of HSP
are only now beginning to surface within your masses, the development of
these abilities, through the acceleration of your evolutionary imprint
can be achieved. There are methods you can use as conscious individuals
to begin this evolutionary acceleration. You do not have to be a
"spiritually oriented" person, or religious, to understand the premises
of which we speak and employ the technologies we will offer to you. You
do not have to enjoy "esoteric" philosophies, or practice ritualized
ceremony to understand and develop a working relationship with the Soul
Matrix. The Soul Matrix is a scientific phenomenon as well as a
spiritual reality. It could be viewed as a naturally occurring structure
within the manifestation of Life Force Patterns, much as is the
observable structure of your DNA and cellular patterning. "Spirituality"
is simply the portion of true, universal science that you do not as yet
understand, for science is truly the Mechanics Of Consciousness and its
manifestations, and consciousness is the true spiritual essence of the
universe, and all life forms contained within it.

The Zeta-Controlled Society At a later time in other transmissions we
will provide more information for you on the conscious acceleration of
the Evolutionary Imprint and the development of HSP. The threat of
holographic inserts and the Zeta forced matrix transplant is a reality
within your system for the time period spanning the next 75 to 100 years
(1997 through 2072 to 2097), primarily within the next 50 years (1997
through 2047). After that time, because of the larger evolutionary
cycles of which Earth is a part, the Zeta plan will either have met with
success or failed. Humanity's ability to overcome its present
vulnerability to holographic inserts and accelerate its own evolutionary
process will be the primary factor in determining the outcome of these
events. If the old Zeta agenda does succeed humans will be unaware of
this, as the majority will be transplanted into the Zeta Collective Mind
Matrix by this time, and will be programmed to see only the "status quo"
and the permanent holographic structures held in place by the collective
program.  If they succeed there will seem to be improvements in many
areas, such as health and health care, environmental restoration, and
economic stability that would appear through the use of a centralized,
electronically mandated World Banking System that regulates the flow and
conversion of "plastic money" on a global scale through a centrally
located computerized network that is Zeta operated. Humans will have no
idea that the Zeta, and the primary 13 corporations that they covertly
direct, are behind these institutions. It is this "Invisible Big
Brother" network that your Biblical prophecies of the One World Order
are referring to. There is a big difference between a free, united
global collective and a centrally managed network of covert regulatory
systems. There will be well-organized "spiritual" congregations with
powerful, authoritative leadership, who will indoctrinate specific
ideological interpretations of traditional and "New Age" theologies.
Miraculous happenings will become common place and things will seem much
better than they are in your present times. Humanity will seem to be
reaching new heights as the Zeta covertly assist the species and the
planet to fulfill greater visions of achievement. Then the Zeta will
begin to infiltrate their new "high-achieving hybrids" into the populace
and systematically begin the extermination of the "genetically
undesirable" humans. In the Zeta controlled society you will notice a
marked drop in the interest in HSP and ideologies that would lead to its
implementation. And a rapid advancement of technological development.
These attributes of the Zeta society might seem seductive, as through
the holographic programs you would seem to be living more comfortable
life-styles than you had ever known. But if you were able to see (which
you would not, as your HSP would be disengaged) the desecration of your
Soul Matrix and of the planet that existed in reality behind the
holograms you would not be seduced. You would also notice, in the Zeta
society, a large increase in "emotional and psychological" problems (as
we mentioned before, forced matrix transplant has its drawbacks) which
will be chemically treated through drug therapy. A "new" mental disorder
will emerge wherein the individuals will seem to "flip between a
multitude of identities" and be unable to keep consistent focus of
identity in time. Chemical imbalances within the body systems will be
found and viewed as the cause of the difficulties when in truth the
chemical imbalances and resulting perceptual distortions will both be
the symptoms of the forced matrix transplant. There will also be an
increase in "subtle memory disturbances" that resemble senility but that
occur within a wide range of the population. Certain elements will be
placed in the water systems of many countries, for "purification
purposes," that will serve to avert some of these symptoms of the forced
matrix transplant and assist the human body in remaining within the
controlled frequency structure by repressing the emotional systems.
These would be some of the earlier indications that the Zeta plan had
succeeded. If humans are able to effectively accelerate their evolution
and develop the HSP senses to some degree, creating stronger connections
to their Soul Matrices, before the frequency fence that would scramble
those higher frequencies is in place, the unenlightened Zeta will be
unable to fulfill their objectives. In this event they would either
depart to other systems or join with their fellow Zeta who are working
with the Aethien and others toward enlightened brotherhood. Some of the
Interior Government forces would remain, but without the advantages of
power and knowledge provided by their Zeta cohorts, their power to
manipulate would be diminished. They would remain, continuing their
covert tactics, awaiting another potential opportunity to reactivate the
old plan. However, the immediate threat to the species would be removed
and the opportunity for growth would be extended.

The Free Society Just as there would be observable indications that the
Zeta plan had succeeded there would also be indications that the plan
was abandoned. First, the most notable sign would be an increase in
reported instances of UFO sightings, alien encounters and communication
transmissions. Though the old belief paradigm, still colored by the
"brainwashing" program, will exist many new outlets and appearances of
new belief models will manifest on a global basis. The long journey of
healing ideological differences into a common position of brotherhood
through tolerance will emerge. New discoveries will be made in the areas
of health that will be made available to the masses. Seemingly
miraculous advancements in holistic healing will come into view, helping
to mend the rift between traditional medicine and contemporary holism.
Many new technologies, using the sciences of light and sound will be
created and applied to health, social, economic and environmental
problems, and much headway will be made in finding solutions. Though you
will see many of the same features present within the Zeta society, at
least for some time, the feeling beneath them will be different---a
sense of "lightness" or "absence of tension" will be present. More and
more individuals will begin rediscovering their spiritual orientation
and make efforts to accelerate their development. Through these groups
strong support systems will emerge within the economic structures of
many countries. Companies will be redesigned to allow for the healthy
development of families with home work opportunities and flexibility of
hours made readily available. Many large companies will downsize,
creating instead a greater number of smaller corporations that work in a
cooperative rather than competitive framework. People will begin to take
responsibility for their own health care, using the increased spiritual
and scientific knowledge available. A turn toward "energy medicines" or
Keylonta Therapeutics will bring self directed health and healing into
the lives of the masses, and large groups of emissaries representing
these technologies will travel globally sharing their knowledge with
third world citizens so they may begin their own healing processes.
There will be restructuring in the governments on all levels, and there
may be several decades of apparent strife on smaller levels as the
people reclaim power within their governments and begin to create the
social and political changes needed to open a future of brotherhood.
There will be periods of instability within every country as the new
ideas that promote successful evolution sweep through the collective
conscience of the race, and people will unite through environmental and
humanitarian issues. Earth changes, in certain locations will occur as
the energies of Earth, like that of its people reach for higher ground.
The "Age of Enlightenment," will dawn and bring with it many awesome and
wonderful surprises. Freedom will be the purpose and the process of
these times, and your species will grow and prosper through the
knowledge that will come into your system. The old ways will grow side
by side with the new, merging into a new perspective that has
brotherhood as its core and peaceful co-creation as its objective.
Within approximately 50 years the enlightened Zeta and other ET groups
working for the advancement of the human species will make their
presence known to large numbers of people and begin forming cooperative
relationships of learning with the humans who desire this interaction.
"Abductions" will no longer take place as the visitors will be able to
extend invitations rather than operate beyond the conscious awareness of
the people. (Those responsible for the non- consented abductions will
have left your system). It will be a great age indeed, far different
from the repressed "robotic-like" existence of holographic reality with
covert, centralized control. Your species will make the final decision
as to which reality it will see by the choices made within your present
time. Choose well. (This choice will be finalized in 2017 AD, through
events extensively described in Voyagers II: Secrets of Amenti, and
Voyagers III: The Angelic Dossier.) Many rewards await you if you choose
to grow consciously, as in the development of HSP, your perceptual field
will expand along with your abilities to synthesize a greater range of
frequency. You will discover many wonderful things about the world you
live in, things that entirely escaped your view before. As you begin to
look at your world in a new way, you will also begin to view yourselves
in a new light and reclaim some of the limitless aspects of your being
that allow joy to touch you as the life force moves through you. Not
only will the choice of accelerating your evolutionary path protect you
by giving you the tools you need to avert holographic inserts and forced
matrix transplants, it will also bring to you a whole new "magical"
world of perception to explore. And in this new frontier you will find
the solutions to many of your present challenges, both personally and as
a human collective.

Development of Emotion The starting point for development of the Higher
Senses is Emotional Awareness. For centuries your cultures have taught
you to repress, disown and negate emotional reality and experience. Your
species has developed a "prejudiced perception" in this regard, in which
the physically verifiable impressions brought to you by your five
identified senses are considered superior to the more subtle impressions
of emotion and intuition brought to you by your higher sense facility.
Emotion contained a power, which seemed to possess a "life of its own."
This "power of emotion" was perceived as a threat to the developing
intellect, for the intellect could not comprehend the reality through
which emotion occurred and so could not bring this "mysterious power"
under conscious direction. In the early days, when the 12 tribes were
being trained to develop the intellectual perspective, the blocking of
emotional sensation was a tool used in order to assist the developing
human to focus his five sense perceptions outwardly into the objective
matter-world. Emotion worked a bit differently then, serving as a form
of Instinctual Response such as is apparent in your present day animals.
The instinctual response served to bring data directly from the Soul
Matrix into the cellular consciousness, bypassing the "mind" as you
think of it, creating an interactive response mechanism through which
the organism would receive direct impulse from soul that would direct it
toward the action-in-time necessary for the organisms survival. The
organism would not have to "think about or choose" appropriate action
responses as they would come "automatically" from the Soul Matrix. As
long as an organism, be it animal, human or other life form, had a
strong instinctual impulse it would remain under the full control and
direction of the Soul Matrix. Such beings would not operate out of "free
will" nor would they possess a sense of personal individuation, but
would rather function as individual units of a collective. The human was
intended to become a sentient, self-motivated being, capable of choice
and conscious co-creation with the Soul Matrix, rather than an
"unthinking" extension of the Soul Matrix. So in those early times the
instinctual response of emotional cognition was partially "dismantled."
This involved de-activating certain Keylonta Codes within the DNA
pattern, which created a sense of separation from soul for the
developing human. The separation allowed for a clearer focus in time and
matter, through which the intellect could evolve and from which
individualized identity emerged. As with many of the other disengaged
codes (those from the original Soul Matrices that existed prior to the
Host Matrix transplants) these "instinctual emotive" codes were stored
within the cellular pattern and the Soul Matrix. A small portion of them
were left in operation, giving the human access to small amounts of Soul
Matrix data and serving to provide enough instinctual basis to ensure
appropriate action in regard to survival of the organism. These
remaining codes became the basis for your "fight-or-flight" biochemical
reaction response. The stored emotive codes, along with others, were
kept with the human within the cellular structure, so as the organism
evolved those codes could once again be reassembled and integrated into
the awareness of the growing consciousness. As humans evolved through
time certain code patterns would be activated by impulse from the Soul
Matrix and yet another stage of growth would be set in motion. Through
these processes of Keylonta Code activations your species expanded from
its earlier digressed forms of relative simplicity into the complexity
of the present intellectually focused form that you carry. As you grew
so did your ability to synthesize emotional frequency, and greater
amounts of these latent codes were brought into activation as you
progressed through time. Great power and awareness is stored within
these latent code particles, and it is this power that the maturing
intellect sensed as it began to observe and define the quality of
perception you call Emotion. To the growing intellect emotion appeared
to be "chaotic," unreliable and "suspicious." The intellect had
developed into the "logical" reasoning power you presently use to
decipher reality, but that logic used the assimilation of data from only
the five senses that you presently know. The sense data and awareness
brought in by the seven other Higher Senses (or "high frequency senses")
was blocked from the logical mind by the biological organism, whose
physical apparatus did not possess the mechanisms needed for this higher
sense data to be synthesized into patterns. That apparatus would not
evolve into the physical structure until the latent codes were activated
by the Soul Matrix. So logic developed, but it was at a disadvantage, as
the pool of information from which it had to draw conclusions was
limited by the biological immaturity of the human form.

Frog in a Fish Bowl To use an analogy, logic developed as a "frog in a
fish bowl," whereas in its youth it could swim around in circles within
the confines of its limited environment, but could not remove itself
from that environment to discover the world which existed beyond the
glass. Viewing the world it could see beyond the glass, the world seemed
threatening, as the shapes and forms our "frog" could see made no sense.
The frog presently had no experiential basis with which those mysterious
forms could be correlated and understood. In its youth the frog did not
possess the physical apparatus that would allow it to escape from its
fish bowl and explore the odd environment it could see beyond. Without
activation of the Keylonta Code patterns stored in the cells, the
physical body of the human did not have the ability to expand its
perception beyond its five sense world, nor was the human able to make
sense of the strange new world of emotional impulse using the limited
conceptual basis the five senses provided. As our frog grew, and legs
began to sprout where once were fins, the frog discovered it now had the
ability to leap out of its comfortable bowl and explore the strange
world outside of the glass. As the human biology evolved the
neurological and physiological structures of the body grew, new Keylonta
code sequences were activated, and the body could now begin to
synthesize greater amounts of the latent emotional codes. The
logical/intellectual mind could begin exploring the world of emotional
impressions that were emerging into its awareness. But instead of
leaping our frog became afraid choosing instead to swim around in
circles within its ever shrinking bowl, closing its eyes to the world
that flashed by around it. As your species reached the point of
biological development that would allow the emotional aspects of reality
to be explored, the logical mind chose instead to remain within its
limited environment of ideas, and "pretend away" the emotional
impressions that were emerging more and more into conscious awareness.
As long as our frog refuses to explore the world outside the bowl it
will not discover that it is fully equipped to make sense of that
environment, and it will remain captive within the bowl with very little
room to move or grow. The free world beyond will remain unavailable. If
the human species continues to repress and negate the emotional aspects
of its being, which it is now biologically capable of synthesizing, the
logical mind will never discover the freedoms that exist beyond the
limits of its present ideas. The human will remain trapped within the
bowl of duality and five-sense perception, unable to grow beyond the
conditions created through that five-sense orientation. The species will
never become "fully human" as long as it cuts off from logical awareness
the reality of the seven higher senses. If the species is to evolve to
fulfill the imprint and role for which it was created, it must become
fully human. And this requires integration and synthesis of the latent
Keylonta codes that give you the quality of perception you call Emotion.
In the infancy of intellect it was appropriate for awareness to be
placed within its tiny fish bowl of simple ideas, where it could grow
and develop safely. But "the fins have evolved into legs," in terms of
our analogy, and the human logic still closes its eyes to the world of
emotion and intuition. Afraid to leap, afraid to chart the territories
of emotional cognition that exist beyond the "glass" of polarized
perception. Human logic, at its present state of evolution, continues to
try and comprehend that "magical world" within the limited confines of
its own experiential memory. And like our frog, human logic will never
comprehend the true reality of the world beyond the glass until it leaps
out of the "safe little bowl of beliefs" it has been functioning within
since its infancy. The logical mind and intellect were intended to work
together, bringing you a more accurate perception of reality than either
could alone. The five sense perception of the logical mind brings only
"half of the picture," so you will never understand the true nature of
yourselves or your world if you do not put that partial picture together
with the other pieces that exist within your emotional heritage. You
cannot understand emotion by using the logical facilities alone. How
long will you remain as "frogs in a fish bowl," swimming around in
circles of incomplete logical reasoning? Emotion has is own logic,
methods of synthesizing energy and ideas that are unique unto itself.
The logic of the mind will bring you conclusions, whereas the logic of
the emotions will bring you Cognition. Without that cognition, operating
subconsciously through the emotive facilities, your logical conclusions
would make no sense to your conscious awareness. When you cut off
emotional cognition from logical perception, you create an artificial
boundary within your identity and conscious awareness. The emotional
codes stored within cellular structure were intended to be reassembled
and reorganized, as impulsed by the Soul Matrix, as you evolved through
time. As these codes were restructured and assembled into the operative
codes of your DNA your conscious awareness would receive an ever
expanding picture of reality and cognition. The illusionary perceived
separation between the conscious biological self and the soul identity
would diminish as the codes were progressively assembled, allowing
greater amounts of energy, identity and awareness to filter into the
physical body and intellectual consciousness. As the latent codes
re-assembled, the old "instinctual imprint" of the early human would be
combined with the newly developed logical facility, creating a new
perceptual modality that would allow for full Soul Matrix cognition to
embody within a physically manifest system. If your evolution had moved
along as planned, following the impulses generated through the Soul
Matrix cycles, your physical form and your logical conscious awareness
would have merged with the soul identity, creating a fully cognizant
being in flesh. But your evolution did not proceed as intended, and
there were set backs, due in part to the manipulation of your genetic
code by other ET forces.

The Violence Mutation At different periods in your evolution, these
forces entered your reality, creating distortions within the electrical
impulse patterns being sent by the Soul Matrix. These distortions served
to further "jumble" the Keylonta Code particles within your cells,
disrupting the original code activation sequences. There was originally
specific order to the dismantled Keylonta Codes, and their activation
sequences were "scheduled," so to speak. This order allowed for a clear
pathway for energy to follow from the Soul Matrix into the biological
form. The distortions created by the activities of numerous ET groups
threw this innate order "out of whack" so to speak, and the emergence of
emotional impressions no longer followed the appropriate sequence. Codes
were fired that did not have their counterpart "receivers" within the
operating DNA and the energy released by these code firings could not be
filtered into the biological organism. Instead, this "errant energy"
began to "pool" within the higher frequency sense facilities, distorting
the natural order of those structures. The distortions emerged into the
conscious awareness as errant emotional impulse, creating overly
aggressive and inappropriate emotional reaction patterns that entered
into the body through the existing "fight or flight" code structures
that had been in operation. The fight or flight instinct pattern became
overburdened with these unorganized electrical impulses, and the
chemical and hormonal process of the body became unbalanced, creating
the propensity for violent behavior now apparent within your human
strain. As this sequence interruption occurred within the cellular
imprint and was "put on line," through the operative "fight-or-flight"
codes in the DNA, this distortion was genetically passed on through your
species lineage appearing in sporadic and random manifestations of
biological mutation and psychological mal alignment.  The Soul Matrix,
in an attempt to override this undesired mutation, reactivated more of
the latent Keylonta Codes with the intention of accelerating the body's
development so the errant codes could be cleared, by linking them to
sequences already operative in the DNA. What this translates into in
terms of the development of your conscious awareness, is yet another
perceptual mode through which these additional energies could be
synthesized. The birth of intuition began, as the intuitive facility was
added into your biological structure. The intuitive facility serves as a
bridge between the original emotive codes and the divergent impulses
arising from the mutation. Through the intuitive facility emotional
impulses could once again be synthesized through the body and into the
linear patterning of the conscious logical/intellectual mind. Without
the intuitive facility the excessive electrical impulses from the
distorted emotional codes would have overloaded the biocircuitry of the
body, creating a wide array of growth abnormalities that would have
permanently stunted the evolution of the species.

Intuition Throughout your known history the "violence mutation" directed
events within the human drama. Your lineage bears the imprint of this
mutation, as illustrated by your propensity toward self- destruction.
Humans trapped within the self-destructive patterns were, and are,
unable to synthesize the overload of electrical impulses coming into the
body from the DNA and "fight or flight" mechanisms. This produces
distorted mental assimilation and thus inappropriate emotive reactions.
They possess immature intuitive development, and these individuals
represent the portions of your genetic strain that have not yet fully
manifested the Intuitive Bridge within their biological structures. The
bridge, however, exists as a latent code within the DNA, and thus the
self-destructive tendencies of humans can be healed through the
activation of those codes and the development of the Intuitive Facility.
All of you in your present stage of evolution are working toward the
development and strengthening of the intuitive facility and the
synthesis of those errant emotive codes. For this reason exploring
emotion can seem very difficult, as you will find many impulses that do
not fit within your ideas of "acceptability." You will discover
seemingly "senseless" patterns of feelings emerging into awareness, and
if these are allowed to govern the direction of the intellectual/logical
facility you will end up with chaos. The logical mind must learn to
effectively direct, not repress, the emotional energies. We have
explained to you the emotional mutation that is now present within your
species strain because you need to know what you are dealing with as you
begin to explore emotional reality and develop your higher senses. There
are techniques that you can learn to use to assist in emotional healing,
intuitive development and activation of your Higher Senses. The
techniques may make little sense to your conscious mind because
presently you do not consciously understand the workings of these
internal energy dynamics. To evolve the emotions and intuitions
effectively, you must manipulate the Keylonta codes contained within
your cells, and you cannot do this without the direction and knowledge
supplied by your Soul Matrix. In setting the conscious intention to link
with the energies of the Soul Matrix, you open the door for the needed
information to enter your conscious awareness. For this reason it is of
primary importance that you develop the conscious ability to communicate
directly with your soul matrix. As long as your logical mind refuses to
learn the subtle dynamics of energy direction through the mind,you will
not be able to bring into your awareness the knowledge you need to
effectively clear the emotional energies. No one can clear your
emotional imprint without you first consenting to the process. Once you
have agreed to the process consciously, the Soul Matrix will begin to
impulse you toward the actions necessary in the outside world that will
facilitate this healing. If you are to become whole, if you are to
integrate with the Soul Matrix, if you are to become fully human, you
must clear and heal the emotional aspects of your being. Repressing
emotion, drugging emotion out of existence, and fearing the power of
your emotions will not promote healing. It will cause further buildup of
errant energy and more biological and psychological manifestations of a
chaotic nature. Those of you who have developed your intuitive abilities
represent the portion of your species who have begun to utilize the
Keylonta Codes that were activated to bypass the mutation. You are
further along in your genetic healing. Most humans have operational
intuitive facilities that synthesize energy, emotion and sense data for
you on a subconscious level. Those of you who have linked the intuitions
to the logical mind, who have expanded your beliefs and ideas to
encompass conscious intuitive development are ahead of the game, as you
are learning to consciously direct your energies and follow the impulses
of the Soul Matrix. Biologically you are accelerating in evolution as
you are assimilating greater amounts of the Keylonta Codes within your
cellular structure. You are becoming more aware and knowledgeable than
your contemporaries who rely upon the logical facilities and emotional
repression alone. You have more power, more awareness and more
responsibility toward the conscious evolution of your species. And your
first responsibility is to be healing yourselves through clearing the
emotional energies and allowing the energy of the soul matrix to flow
into your biological form. Then you will be prepared to help others of
your kind approach the subconscious forces that move them. Through the
intuitives will come many healing therapies aimed at clearing the
emotional imprint, many ideas and practices that may seem foreign to the
logical/intellectual minds of those who are still directed by the
subconscious forces. Before you scoff at these "illogical" modalities,
take inventory of how little you really know about the nature of your
identity, the workings of your body and the purpose for your existence.
Before you discredit the practices that will allow your logical mind to
grow, find humility, and realize that you have much to learn. Allow your
"frog" of logic to leap beyond the confines of its bowl. Let your
contemporaries, who have already passed through the maze of limiting
ideas, guide you gently into your own healing through expanding your
ideas. Try some of the new mind technologies that are available to you
now, and ask the soul matrix to guide you. You can heal, and through the
private healing of each individual will come the healing of the species.
You have been programmed, by those who wish to see you fail in the
fulfillment of your evolution, to remain in darkness, living in a world
of duality in which you are always at the mercy of subconscious forces.
They would like to see you remain fearful, frightened by the chaotic
energy you can feel within you, and of a seemingly chaotic universe
within which you reside. Do not allow them to win! You have the power
within you to succeed beyond your wildest dreams, to experience
realities free from the disease, sorrow and confusion that your
polarized perceptions create. So much wonder awaits you as you awaken to
the truth of your heritage and take your rightful place within the
universe. You are like a royal family dethroned by jealous factions, and
you can reclaim the territories and majesty that once were your own.
Treat yourselves as the royalty that you are, and treat your fellow
humans (regardless of their position) as beloved members of that
lineage. In taking responsibility for your own emotional reality and
committing to the healing and evolution of your personal being, you will
emerge triumphant, one by one, into the palace of your awakened
identity. Then you can begin to call the others home. Your species can
heal, and it must if its continuation is to be secured. There are many,
from many places willing to help you. But only you can reach for growth,
only you have the power to command the fulfillment of your evolution.
Only you have the ability to awaken yourselves to see the realities
beyond the illusions of your three- dimensional world. Only while you
are sleeping, unaware of the truth of your identity, can the Zeta and
others bring harm to you. You cannot be manipulated by holographic
inserts or forced matrix transplants if your senses have developed to
the point of seeing behind them and your logic has grown to understand
how to avert them. If your logical/intellectual awareness would get out
of its own way, your emotional and intuitive facilities would bring your
entire being into balance under the direction of the Soul Matrix. As
long as you allow "logic to rule" you will not grow to understand the
logic of the higher senses. Your logical mind can be the frog who
becomes the prince, or it can become the toad, burying itself in the
sands of fragmented perception. We suggest that you muster the courage
to leap out of the bowl of your limited ideas and perceptions and begin
to explore the strange new world of multidimensional reality and
identity that flashes by everywhere around you. Just beyond the
distorted emotional imprints you will discover the original pattern and
sequence of the emotional codes. The emotions, in their organic form,
possess a logic and a beauty that you can barely fathom. There is an
order and intrinsic structure which is created and maintained through
the Keylonta codes, and these are anything but chaotic. Your logic has
become disconnected from the greater structures of which it is a part.
Just as the Keylonta Codes were used by others to create this artificial
separation and resulting chaos, so too can they be used to restore the
organic order and relink the logical mind to its wholeness of identity.
In other transmissions we will offer information on the technologies you
can use to heal yourselves. We will introduce those of you who desire to
know more to the Keylonta codes, and teach you how you may begin using
Keylonta Therapeutics to accelerate your healing and evolution.
Meanwhile, there are many new mind-technologies available, many
communications from other knowledgeable sources that can set you on your
way toward awakening. You can protect yourselves from covert
manipulation, holographic inserts and forced matrix transplants by
making the conscious intention of linking with your Soul Matrix, and by
developing the intuitive aspects of your humanity You can sense such
manipulations through the intuitions and emotions, so developing
awareness of and sensitivity to these felt impressions of subtle energy
is the most important thing you can do to ensure your safety. Learn to
consciously channel the energy of your soul matrix into your conscious
mind and you will have a direct Interior Guidance System to steer you
away from harmful situations that exist outside of your range of
perception. Remember, the soul matrix is always there, the "soul never
forgets you," as you are a living portion of its own personal
experience. It is you, the human, that has forgotten the soul and your
ability to consciously communicate with that greater identity.

Remember and awaken, and you will be safe. In the next section we will
return to our discussion of the adjacent Earth system in which the Zeta
old agenda has succeeded. We will take time to discuss this subject
because the realities in that system have a direct bearing upon the
future of your Earth system. We hope to show you through this
information what you can evolve to avoid. And to illustrate the reasons
why it is important that you do.