Chapter 8: History, Motivation, Meaning and Message

          of the Emerald Order Melchizedek Cloister,
           Interdimensional Association of Free Worlds,
                      Guardian Alliance and the
              Azurite Universal Templar Security Team
         The Interdimensional Association of Free Worlds (IAFW),

Guardian Alliance (GA) and the Azurite Universal Templar Security Team
are universal service organizations whose beginnings reach far back
beyond known recorded history on Earth. The history of the IAFW, GA and
Azurites is intimately interwoven with the lost history and creation of
the human lineage, and also with the creation and evolution of many
different Angelic or "ET" races within the 5 Density Levels of our
15-Dimensional Time Matrix. In order to understand the significance of
communicative interaction with these three Universal Service
Organizations it is helpful to have a rudimentary understanding of the
basic Primal Order, structure and history of the reality systems within
which all evolution takes place. It is helpful to know that "Extra-
terrestrials" are in actuality the pre-ancient Angelic Nations emerging
to visit us from the 5 Densities of Matter in our Time Matrix system and
that communications extended by these organizations are not procured
through the process known as "channeling." It is also useful to realize
that all manifest life forms and the inherent foundations of all reality
itself emerge from, and exist within, a Central Source of Creation that
is commonly referred to as Spirit, Source or God. Guardian Angelic
Nations often refer to this Central Source of Creation as the "Yunasai"
(pronounced "You'-na-sigh"), which means "Central Point of All Union"
and "Eternal Consciousness of the One-All."

Guardians and Founders Races In the basic Primal Order of cosmic
structure, the first individuated manifestation of a reality field
within Source emerges as an inaudible vibration field composed of fixed
units of Primal Substance, which collectively form the three eternal
Primal Sound Fields and their Primal Tonal-vibration Life Force
Currents. The 3 Primal Sound Fields are collectively referred to as the
Khundaray Fields or the Energy Matrix. The fields of Primal Light, and
the dimensionalized structures of Time Matrices within them, exist
within the 3 Primal Sound Fields of the Khundaray. The life-field of the
Khundaray is composed of massive gestalts of Eternal Sentient
Consciousness, from and within which the Primal Light Fields,
dimensional Time Matrices and all individuated life forms emerge into
manifest expression. The Eternal Gestalts of Consciousness that exist in
the form of Primal Sound Fields are called Yanas (pronounced "yon'-us")
or sometimes "Ascended Masters Consciousness Collectives." The Yanas
Collectives are also occasionally referred to as "Ultra-terrestrials" or
at times "Geomantic Entities," as they would appear as "geometric shapes
made of living light" when viewed from the earthly perspective. Due to
frequent misrepresentation of the term "Ascended Master" that is common
on contemporary Earth, Guardian Angelic Nations prefer to use the term
Yanas, which means "of, or in, the Yunasai," when referring to the Yanas
Collectives. There are 3 Primary Yanas collectives, each from one of the
3 Primal Sound Fields of the Khundaray. The Grandeyanas (pronounced
Gron'-dA-yon-us) or "Emerald Order" Yanas exist within the Eckatic Level
of the Energy Matrix, the first level of individuation within Source.
The Wachayanas (pronounced "Wa'-shA-yon-us) or "Gold Order" Yanas exist
within Polaric Level of the Energy Matrix, the second level of
individuation within Source. The Ramyanas (pronounced Ram'-yon-us) or
"Amethyst Order" Yanas exist within the Triadic Level of the Energy
Matrix, the third level of individuation within Source. Yanas
collectives from each of the 3 Primal Sound Fields of the Khundaray
(Energy Matrix) are collectively called the Eieyani (pronounced
"E-yon'-E"), or the Eieyani Council, both meaning "of the Yanas." The
Eieyani collective responsible for seeding life into our Time Matrix is
called the Melchizedek Cloister Eieyani or MC Eyeiani. The Yanas exist
beyond the smaller reality fields within which space-time-matter
experience takes place; occasionally they incarnate in various forms,
into the fields of space-time-matter within the Density Levels of our
Time Matrix, to fulfill universal service missions. When in physical
incarnation in time, incarnate Yanas most often use the name Eieyani in
reference to their family line; in contemporary times, the Eieyani
incarnate on Earth are commonly referred to as "Type-1 Grail Line Indigo
Children." The Eieyani collectives of the Khundaray Primal Sound Fields
are the Eternal Guardian Collectives that are responsible for
maintaining the structural integrity of the Energy Matrix and Time
Matrix systems within them, and for seeding "life-waves" into manifest
Time Matrices. The Yanas Collectives of the Primal Sound Fields
represent our "Cosmic Family of Consciousness," through which all
manifest things are indelibly connected to Source through the energetic
expression of the Primal Sound Fields. The Eieyani of the Khundaray
Primal Sound Fields last seeded a life-wave into our 15-dimensional Time
Matrix 950 billion years ago (Earth time translation), through creation
of the 3 Primary Founders Race Collectives in our Time Matrix. The 3
Primary Founders Race Collectives are referred to as the Breneau Orders;
they exist as eternal gestalts of consciousness in the form of spherical
Ante-matter constructs of Thermoplasmic Radiation within the 3 Primal
Light Fields that form Density-5, dimensions 13, 14 and 15 of our
15-dimensional Time Matrix. The 3 Primal Light Fields within which
dimensionalized Time Matrices exist are collectively referred to as the
Kee-Ra-ShA Primal Light Fields. The Kee-Ra-ShA is composed of the
Emerald-Blue, Pale- Gold and Violet Primal Light Fields, which are often
referred to as the "Blue-Eckatic, Gold-Polaric and Violet-Triadic
Flames" or standing fields of spherical light, within which
dimensionalized reality fields exist. Each of the 3 Founders Race
Breneau Orders represents a collective of consciousness seeded into time
by one of the 3 Yanas Collectives from the Energy Matrix. The Emerald
Order Breneau exist within the Blue-Eckatic Kee-Ra-ShA Light Field, and
are representatives of the Emerald Order Grandeyanas collective. The
Gold Order Breneau exist within the Pale-Gold-Polaric Kee-Ra-ShA Light
Field, and are representatives of the Gold Order Wachayanas collective.
The Amethyst Order Breneau exist within the Violet-Triadic Kee-Ra- ShA
Light Field, and are representatives of the Amethyst Order Ramyanas. The
3 Breneau Order Founders Races are the eternal collectives of
consciousness from, through, and within which the life- field seeded by
the Yanas, manifests in space-time-matter expression. The Breneau
Collectives are often referred to as the "Rishi" or Solar Rishi," and
sometimes as "Meta-terrestrials." The 3 Breneau Collectives of
Density-5, dimensions 13, 14 and 15, represent our "Universal Family of
Consciousness," through which all things manifest are indelibly
connected to the Khundaray Primal Sound Fields, Yanas and Source through
the energetic expression of the Kee-Ra-ShA Primal Light Fields. Each of
the 3 Breneau Orders created the first 3 manifest "Founders Races" in
the Pre-matter Hydroplasmic "Christos Liquid Light Field" of
dimension-12, the entry point into densification of matter. The Emerald
Order Breneau created the Elohei- Elohim Feline-hominid Christos
Founders Races on a now destroyed Density-4 planet called
Lyra-Aramatena, which housed Star Gate-12 of the Universal Templar
Complex. The Emerald Order Elohei-Elohim Feline-hominid Founder Race
called the Anuhazi (also known as "Lyran-Sirian Whites") were appointed
by the Yanas as Guardians of the Density-4, dimension-12 Aramatena Star
Gate-12, the natural passageway between the dimensionalized Density
systems and the Kee- Ra-ShA Primal Light Fields in our Time Matrix. The
Gold Order Breneau created the Seraphei-Seraphim Avian-Insect-Reptile
Christos Founders Races on the Density-4 planet Lyra-Vega, which housed
Star Gate-10 of the Universal Templar. The Gold Order Avian Seraphei-
Seraphim Founders Race called the Cerez (sometimes called the "Bird
People" or "Carians") were appointed by the Yanas as Guardians of the
Density-4, dimension-10 Vega Star Gate-10. The Amethyst Order Breneau
created the Bra-ha-Rama Cetacean-Aquatic Ape-Pegasus Christos Founders
Races on a now destroyed Density-4 planet called Lyra-Aveyon, which
housed Star Gate-11 of the Universal Templar Complex. The Amethyst Order
Bra-ha-Rama Avian-Horse-Deer and Cetacean Founders Races called the
Pegasai (also known as "Pegasus") and the Inyu (sometimes called the
"Whale People"; NOT the "Dolphin People.") were appointed by the Yanas
as Co-Guardians of the Density- 4, dimension-11 Aveyon Star Gate-11.
Amethyst Order Bra-ha-Rama Pegasai and Inyu Christos Founders Races
shared Guardianship of Aveyon Star Gate-11 with the Emerald
Order-Amethyst Order hybrid Feline-Aquatic Ape Founders Race called the
Anyu. Through the Yanas and Breneau Order Founders Races' seeding of the
life-field in our Time Matrix 950 billion years ago, long before
creation of the Human genetic line, the primary, biologically manifest
Density-4 "Christos Founders Races" were created. The genetic codes and
manifestation blueprints for every life form now manifest in our Time
Matrix has emerged from combining of the genetic templates of the 3
Primary Christos Founders Races of Density- 4 and their various
biological expressions. The Emerald Order Elohei- Elohim, the Gold Order
Seraphei-Seraphim and the Amethyst Order Bra-ha-Rama Christos Founders
Races were seeded from the Kee-Ra- ShA Primary Light Fields of
dimensions 13, 14 and 15, into Pre-matter Density-4, dimensions 12, 11
and 10. This Christos Founders Race seeding took place through the
natural Star Gates of the Universal Templar Complex that open between
dimensions in our Time Matrix. There are 12 Primary Star Gates in the
Universal Templar Complex, each corresponding to 1 of 12 dimensional
fields. Star Gates 12, 11 and 10, which serve as the entry points into
the Pre-matter Density-4 "Liquid Light Christos Field," are respectively
located in D-12 Aramatena, D-11 Aveyon and D-10 Vega. These 3 Density-4
planets (the remainder of which appears as the star "Vega" in
Density-1), and the Star Gates within them, are all located with the
Lyran Star Constellation. This "Primal Triad of Creation" has thus
become known as "The Cradle of Lyra," the seeding point of life in our
Time Matrix 950 billion years ago. The seeding of the life-field in our
Time Matrix was orchestrated through a cooperative agreement of intended
peaceful co-evolution between the Yanas and the Density-5 Emerald, Gold
and Amethyst Order Breneau Founders Races; this original Founders Race
"Creation Contract" was called the "Emerald Covenant of Aramatena." Of
the three, IAFW, GA and Azurite Universal Templar Security Team,
Universal Service Organizations, the IAFW and the Azurites were created
first 250 billion years ago, following a series of universally
cataclysmic events that nearly destroyed our Time Matrix. During a
period of time that spans from 250 billion to 570 million years ago, a
series of wars called the Lyran-Elohim Wars, and later the Angelic Wars,
broke out in the Density-4 Pre-matter systems. The Gold Order
Seraphei-Seraphim reptilian Omicron Race from D-10 Lyra-Vega began to
digress and set forth dominion conquest into the stellar systems of our
Time Matrix; they became known as the "Fallen Seraphim," the forefathers
of the contemporary D-10 Orion-Drakonian Fallen Angelic Legion.
Simultaneously, the Emerald Order-Amethyst Order hybrid Feline-Aquatic
Ape Anyu Race from Lyra-Aveyon also suffered digression and petitioned
the Elohei-Elohim Feline-hominid Christos Founders Race of D-12
Lyra-Aramatena to destroy the Fallen Seraphim Omicron Race. When the
Yanas, Breneau Order Founders Races and the Elohei-Elohim of Aramatena
refused, opting for rehabilitation of the Fallen Seraphim, the Anyu Race
of D-11 Aveyon attacked and destroyed Aramatena to gain control of Star
Gate-12. The Anyu's destruction of Aramatena's Star Gate-12 is the event
that became known as "the Original Sin," as all life forms, including
the Density-4 Christos Founders Races, became trapped in the Time Matrix
until the D-12 Aramatena Star Gate-12 could be reconstructed.
Consciousness could incarnate into our Time Matrix but could not ascend
to leave, while Aramatena Star Gate-12 remained damaged. The Anyu began
their quest of universal dominion with the intention of destroying all
races but their own and claiming dominion of our Time Matrix. In their
rebellion against the Christos Founders Races the Anyu Race of
Density-4, D-11 adopted the name of the Annu, and became known as the
Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Legion; the forefathers of the Anunnaki
avenger race. The Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Legion created the Sirian
Anunnaki race to destroy the Christos Founders Race Guardian Angelic
Oraphim-Human lineage upon its seeding 568 million years ago. Through
the progressive and perpetual conflicts among the Seraphim and
Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Legions, which began 250 billion years ago in
Density-4 Lyra, our Time Matrix was nearly destroyed. The IAFW, Azurite
Security Team and the MC Eieyani Master Council Following destruction of
Star Gate-12 during the Lyran-Elohim Wars 250 billion years ago, the
Yanas appointed the Emerald Order Breneau and their Elohei-Elohim
Feline-hominid Christos Founders Race as the Universal Security Team in
our Time Matrix. Under the direction of the Yanas and the Density-5
Emerald Order Breneau, the Gold Order Seraphei-Seraphim Breneau and
Amethyst Order Bra-ha- rama Breneau mobilized their Christos Founders
Races in a restatement of the Emerald Covenant Co-evolution Agreement
and formed the Interdimensional Association of Free Worlds. The
Elohei-Elohim Feline-hominid Anuhazi, the Seraphei-Seraphim
Avian-hominid Cerez and Mantis Aethien and the Bra-ha-Rama Cetacean Inyu
and Pegasai Christos Founders Races assembled the massive IAFW
organization under the tenets of the Emerald Covenant, creating a
unified collective of intergalactic Guardian Angelic races from within
our 15-Dimensional Time Matrix. By combining their genetic templates,
the Anuhazi Elohei-Elohim, Cerez and Aethien Seraphei-Seraphim and Inyu
and Pegasai Bra-ha-Rama Christos Founders races together created a new
genetic race line called the Azurite Eieyani. The Azurites are a blue-
skinned, sometimes winged and feathered, Feline-land and water
mammal-Avian hominid race carrying the most advanced genetic code in our
Time Matrix. The Azurites were created by the Founders Races 250 billion
years ago, specifically to allow for the Melchizedek Cloister (MC)
Eieyani collective from the Energy Matrix and the Density-5 Breneau
Orders to incarnate directly into our Density system for crisis
intervention. The Azurite MC Eieyani Race was created to serve as the
Universal Templar Security Team, the mobile extension of the IAFW
Primary Guardian Administration. The Density-5 administrative council of
the Azurite Universal Templar Security Team, a specialized collective of
the Emerald Order Elohei-Elohim Breneau Founders Race, is called the MC
Eieyani Master Council. The MC Eieyani Master Council is composed of the
Density-5 Emerald Order Elohei-Elohim Breneau, whose members incarnate
through the Sirius B Azurite lineage. (Following creation of the
Oraphim- Angelic Human lineage 568 million years ago, members of the MC
Eieyani Master Council also incarnate into density through the
Oraphim-Angelic Human "Indigo Children" Human Grail Line.) The MC
Eieyani Master Council is sometimes referred to as the Sirian Council or
the Azurite Council. (In Voyagers Volume-2, the Eieyani Master Council
is called the "Sirian Council.") The MC Eieyani Master Council was
created 250 billion years ago with the formation of the IAFW, to serve
as the central administrative council for IAFW efforts and as the
primary liaison between the Yanas collectives in the Energy Matrix and
Guardian Nations within our Time Matrix. Though the Eieyani Master
Council generally oversees all IAFW activities from the Density-5 Primal
Light Fields, they directly intervene in conflict-laden areas of the
Time Matrix, through incarnation within the Sirius B Azurite and Oraphim
Angelic Human races. Upon their creation 250 billion years ago, the
Azurite Eieyani Races were simultaneously seeded in fully evolved form,
within every Density Level of our Time Matrix, placed in close proximity
to the locations of the 12 Primary Star Gates of the Universal Templar
Complex. Headed by the Density-5 (dimensions 13-14-15) Melchizedek
Cloister Eieyani Master Council of the Emerald Order Elohei-Elohim
Breneau Founders Race, the Interdimensional Association of Free Worlds
(IAFW ) was created after the Lyran-Elohim Wars 250 billion years ago,
to reclaim and protect the Star Gates of the Universal Templar Complex
and our Time Matrix from destruction via Fallen Angelic Race dominion.
The IAFW was also commissioned to implement Genetic Bio-Regenesis
Healing Programs to assist the Fallen Angelic Races in reclaiming their
original genetic integrity, so they could fulfill the intended
evolutionary objective of Ascension out of the Time Matrix. The Azurite
MC Eieyani Race was created at this time to allow the MC Eieyani Master
Council to incarnate into embodiment directly in our Time Matrix, to
serve as the IAFW's mobile Universal Templar Security Team. The Azurite
Universal Templar Security Team was created to promote the freedom-based
peaceful co- evolution agendas of the Emerald Covenant and to hold the
main Security Seals on the 12 Primary Universal Star Gates in our Time
Matrix.

         Since the time of their creation 250 billion years ago, the IAFW

and the Azurite Universal Templar Security Team have served the role of
primary Guardian Race Administration, and protectors of the Emerald
Covenant freedom agendas in our Time Matrix. Throughout the many eons of
intergalactic, interdimensional history, the IAFW and its countless
Emerald Covenant Guardian Angelic Nations, on behalf of the Yanas and
the Breneau Order Christos Founders Races, continually labor to restore
and maintain the structural integrity of our Time Matrix. Their efforts
include 15-dimensional, egalitarian political arbitration, progressive
spiritual-science education and genetic Bio-Regenesis evolutionary
healing opportunities among all manifest races, to inspire peaceful
co-creative evolution and healing among all races manifest through
continuation of the Founders Races' Emerald Covenant Co- evolution
Agreement treaties. Presently there are over 25 billion different
interdimensional, interstellar Nations serving as active members of the
IAFW.

The GA and the Angelic Human Lineage The period known as the Angelic
Wars, which began among the Density-4 (dimensions 10-11-12) Lyran
Founders Races 250 billion years ago, contained many successes and
failures in the IAFW's efforts of restoring peaceful co-evolution and
the Emerald Covenant in our Time Matrix. The historical Angelic Wars
period came to end about 570 million years ago, when warring between the
Seraphim-Drakonian and Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Races again escalated
to near destruction of our Time Matrix. At this time, another
restatement of the Emerald Covenant Co-evolution Agreement was offered
to all races in our Time Matrix. Numerous collectives of Fallen Angelic
Races re-entered the Emerald Covenant, accepting "Host Matrix" or
"Redemption Contract" agreements with the IAFW and Founders Races for
Bio-Regenesis of genetic integrity. At this time the MC Eieyani from the
Energy Matrix and the Breneau Order Founders Races again created a new
biological race line that was equal to the 24-48 Strand DNA Template
genetic advancement of the Azurite MC Eieyani. The new race line was
initiated to allow another life-wave of Eieyani Master Council Guardians
to incarnate directly in time, to relieve the "Tour of Duty" for the
Eieyani that had been serving as the Azurite Universal Templar Security
Team since formation of the IAFW. The new Guardian Race was intended to
eventually become the appointed Universal Templar Security Team, once
their evolutionary development in Density progressed. The new race also
carried additional genetic coding characteristic to the more recent
primary Angelic race lines in our Time Matrix, enabling the
consciousness from any lineage to evolve into incarnation in this
lineage for rapid Bio-Regenesis and Ascension (Star Gate passage out of
Density). The new race line was created by combining the Elohei-Elohim
Anuhazi Feline-hominid, the Seraphei- Seraphim Avian Cerez, a small
contribution of Bra-ha-Rama Cetacean Inyu and the Azurite Eieyani
lineage from Sirius B. The new Guardian Angelic Race line was called the
Oraphim. The Oraphim lineage was seeded in Density-3 on a planet called
Gaia, on Gaia's counterpart planet Tara in Density-2 and in several
other systems. The name "Oraphim" means "The Lighted Ones" in the
Anuhazi language, denoting the Breneau and Yanas consciousness
collectives that incarnated through this biological race line from the
Primal Light and Sound Fields of the Kee-Ra-ShA and Khundaray. The
Oraphim of Gaia and Tara are the Seed Race from which the 12- Strand DNA
Angelic Human "Turaneusiam" lineage, the forefathers of the Earthly
Angelic Human Race, emerged. The name "Turaneusiam" means "Children of
the Lighted Ones" in the Anuhazi language. When the Oraphim race was
created by the Guardian Founders Races about 568 million years ago, the
Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Legion also created a new Fallen Angelic Race
with 11-Strand DNA potential, the most genetically advanced biological
form the D-11 Fallen Annu- Elohim are capable of seeding. The new race
created by the Fallen Annu-Elohim is called the Anunnaki, meaning "the
Avengers of Anyu," the original Fallen Lyran hybrid Founders Race from
D-11 Lyra- Aveyon. The Anunnaki lineage was created specifically as a
vehicle through which the D-11 Fallen Annu-Elohim could incarnate
directly into Densities 1, 2 and 3, in order to destroy the Guardian
Angelic Oraphim and Azurite Eieyani genetic lines, to further their
continuing agenda of exploitation and dominion of our Time Matrix. Upon
creation of the Oraphim and Anunnaki Races, the IAFW and Founders Races
implemented a more intensive security system for the Universal Templar
Complex of our Time Matrix, and for the races of the Emerald Covenant.
The Founders knew that the Anunnaki Races would be used to conduct
conquests of dominion throughout our Time Matrix, which would place all
races of the Emerald Covenant and the safety of our Time Matrix in
greater jeopardy. Faced with the potential catastrophe of Anunnaki
Legions waging war through our Time Matrix, the IAFW created a crisis
intervention Task Force, assembled through organizing millions of
various Emerald Covenant Nations throughout the 5 Density Levels of our
Time Matrix. One of the primary purposes of this task force was to
assist the Azurites and Founders Races to protect, guide and over-see
the creation and evolution of the Oraphim-Turaneusiam Guardian Angelic
Human lineage, and to assist in its peaceful and harmonious integration
and evolution into the interdimensional Guardian Angelic communities.
The IAFW Task Force is called the Guardian Alliance (GA). The GA
organization, which specializes in propagation of the Emerald Covenant,
serves as the governing body of a large collective of inter-dimensional,
inter-galactic Guardian Angelic Star League Nations. Through formation
of the GA 568 million years ago, the many Emerald Covenant Star Leagues
from galaxies in Densities 1 through 4, dimensions 1-12 were brought
into an organized and co-supportive communications and resource network.
The GA operates under the direction and guidance of the Yanas, MC
Eieyani Master Council, Emerald Order Elohei-Elohim, Founders Races and
the IAFW. Under the administration of the IAFW and the GA, 12 smaller
"Signet Councils" composed of representatives of various Star League
Nations were formed. Each of the 12 Signet Councils of the GA, appointed
by the Density-5 MC Eieyani Master Council, serves as the Primary
Guardians of one of the 12 Primary Star Gates in the Universal Templar
Complex of our Time Matrix. The word 'Signet" is used in reference to
one Primary Star Gate of the 12 Primary Star Gates in our Time Matrix.
The 12 Signet Councils of the GA assist the MC Eieyani Master Council
and Azurite Universal Templar Security Team of the IAFW in their
protection of, and restoration efforts within, our Time Matrix.

The 12 GA Signet Councils, Star Gate Security And "Royal House"
Deception Each of the 12 GA Signet Councils, under the direction of the
Density-5(dimensions 13-14-15) MC Eieyani Master Council and Azurite
Universal Templar Security Team, has guardianship over one of the 12
Dimensional Star Gates in our Universal Templar Complex. In naming the
12 GA Signet Councils and their corresponding Star Gates, the names are
translated into the English language, in order to give known directional
reference to the corresponding identified Density-1 star systems. The
"High Council" of the 12 Signet Councils are those assigned to the 3
Lyran Star Gates in the Density-4 "Cradle of Lyra"; the D-12 Council of
Aramatena, the D-11 Council of Aveyon and the D-10 Council of Vega.
Because the 3 Lyran Star Gates are the primary passageways between the
Primal Light Fields and the lower dimensional Density Systems, they are
the most important and in greatest need of protection. Aramatena Star
Gate-12 and Aveyon Star Gate-11 were both previously destroyed in
battles between the Fallen Angelic Legions, who desired their
destruction to block Yanas and Breneau Founders Race assistance from
entering our Time Matrix. Lyran Star Gates 11 and 12 were subsequently
repaired by the Azurite Universal Templar Security Team, and remain
under tight security. Representatives of the 3 Primary Christos Founders
Races of Densities 4 and 5 make up the administrative body of the 3
Lyran GA Signet Councils. The D-12 Council of Aramatena-Lyra is directed
by the Emerald Order Elohei-Elohim Anuhazi Feline-hominid Christos
Founders Race, originally from the planet Aramatena. The D-11 Council of
Aveyon-Lyra is directed by the Amethyst Order Bra-ha- Rama
Winged-horse-deer Pegasai and Cetacean Inyu Christos Founders Races,
originally from the planet Aveyon. The D-10 Council of Vega- Lyra is
directed by the Gold Order Seraphei-Seraphim Mantis Aethien and
Avian-hominid Cerez Christos Founders Race, originally from Vega. As the
representatives of the 3 Lyran GA Signet Councils are composed of
members of the original Christos Founders Race lines that seeded the
life-field in this Time Matrix, the 3 Lyran GA Signet Councils are often
referred to as the "Royal Houses." The "Royal Houses" are the
collectives of Christos Founders Races that keep the Founders Race
genetic lines, and thus the potentials for Bio-Regenesis of any race
line, alive within our Time Matrix. The "Royal Houses" of Lyra are the
D-12 Elohei-Elohim Anuhazi Feline-hominid Royal House of Aramatena, the
D-11 Bra-ha-Rama Pegasai Winged-horse-deer and Inyu Cetacean ("Whale
People") Royal House of Aveyon, and the D-10 Seraphei-Seraphim Aethien
Mantis and Cerez Avian-hominid Royal House of Vega. Guardian Angelic
Nations do not usually identify the 3 GA Signet High Councils as "Royal
Houses" when in communication with earth humans, as they do not desire
to imply any sense of "elitist superiority" in regard to race
identification. Though the Christos Founders Races of the Lyran
Councils, like the Azurite and Oraphim Eieyani Races, do possess genetic
advancements compared to the many other races in our Time Matrix, this
advantage is viewed in terms of greater responsibility toward assisting
in the evolution of other races. Guardian Races do not view genetic
advancement or advantage of a race in terms of having greater value than
less developed races. Guardians view all beings in creation with genuine
reverence, love and respect, and all races are honored as being Equal in
Blessed Value, because it is recognized that all beings are
manifestations of the consciousness and identity of our singular Source
or God. Beings are frequently unequal in terms of evolutionary
development and spiritual- ethics cognition in any given moment in time,
but they are always equal in intriinsic value, and equally loved and
assisted in egalitarian evolutionary advancement by Source-God and its
manifest "spiritually awakened" representatives. The GA chose to explain
the context of the "Royal Houses of Lyra," not because they desire any
pompous accolade, but rather due to a misrepresentation of the true
Founders Race "Royal Houses" that is presently being orchestrated on
Earth by Fallen Angelic Anunnaki Legions, in order to deceitfully
recruit human assistance in fulfilling their Earth dominion agenda.
False historical data on human origins and evolution is presently being
dispensed on Earth via channeling contact from the
Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki, Sirian Anunnaki and Sirian "Bipedal
Dolphin People-Anunnaki" Fallen Angelic Legions. Some of them are
falsely claiming, quite piously, that their legions are the Royal House
of "Aveyon," the self-proclaimed "originators" of the earth human race.
The Density-4 Lyra planet Aveyon, which housed Star Gate-11, was indeed
the place of origin of the Feline-Aquatic-Ape Anyu Race. The Anyu Race
is the hybrid Elohei-Elohim/Bra-ha-Rama race that suffered genetic
digression and rebelled against the Founders 250 billion years ago, to
become the D-11 Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Legion, from which the
Anunnaki Fallen Angelic Annu-Elohim avenger races later emerged. The
contemporary Anunnaki lines claiming to be the "Royal House of Aveyon"
are in truth the "Fallen Royal House of Aveyon." The Fallen Angelic Anyu
Race that became the Fallen Annu-Elohim, intentionally traded in their
original genetic capacity to hold the natural minimum 12-Strand DNA
Template "Christos Potential," characteristic to the Christos Founders
Races, for a digressive 11-Strand DNA Template mutation. Through
removing the 12th DNA Strand Template from their genetic blueprint, the
Annu-Elohim successfully blocked the Density-5 Breneau Founders races
from incarnating into their race line, so they were free to create a
legion of self-contained Fallen Angelic dominion forces within our Time
Matrix. Their intention was, and continues to be, oppressive, exploiting
dominion of our Time Matrix and its life-field, and operational control
over the 12 Primary Star Gates of the Universal Templar Complex in our
Time Matrix. Anunnaki Fallen Angelic Legions that are presently falsely
promoting themselves as the "original creators of the human lineage," or
who promote themselves as being of the Christos Founders Race genetic
line emerging from the "Royal Houses," are not the "Christed" races they
claim to be, nor are their intentions "Christly." Anunnaki Fallen
Legions are currently attempting to misguide humanity into becoming
"galactic," rather than "angelic" humans, which is a sweetly deceptive
cover-word used to describe their intended digressive hybridization of
contemporary humans. Fallen Angelic Anunnaki Legions of the D-11 Fallen
Annu-Elohim collective, are hoping to digress the human genome into a
maximum 11-Strand Anunnaki-hybrid DNA Template potential, in replacing
the minimum of 12-Strand DNA Template "Christos" potential that is the
rightful heritage of the Angelic Human lineage. In their misguided
contemporary quest for dominion of Earth's Halls of Amenti star gates,
the Anunnaki Fallen Angelic Legions hope to rob earth humans of their
dormant "Christed Angelic Human Race" potential through covert genetic
manipulation (via distorted teachings of DNA, bio-energetic field and
Merkaba activation) and hybridization programs. The Anunnaki are
attempting to perpetrate this deception of humans in order to prevent
Earth humans from actualizing the dormant 12-Strand DNA potential,
through which humans can reclaim the Angelic Human heritage to serve as
conscious guardians of the Halls of Amenti. The Yanas, MC Eieyani Master
Council, Founders Races, IAFW , GA and races of the Emerald Covenant are
pointing out the Anunnaki Fallen Angelic Legion's intentional deceptive
misrepresentation of information to humanity, so humans are better
equipped to make intelligent choices regarding what to believe in terms
of human history, heritage and potential. Founders Races are presenting
detailed explanation of the truth of the Angelic Human lineage, so
humanity has the opportunity to form educated opinions regarding
contemporary contact, through which educated action can be applied when
in confrontation with the ongoing trickery of Fallen Angelic Legions.
Representatives of Fallen Angelic Legions will be those first to falsely
"reassure" humans that fallen angelic races and the contemporary
conflict drama don't exist.

The 3 GA Signet Councils Of Etheric Matter Density-3 (Dimensions 7-8-9)
The 3 "Royal House" Lyran Christos Founders Race Signet Councils of the
GA were appointed 570 million years ago by the Breneau Order Founders
Races, as the Primary Guardians of Universal Star Gates 10, 11 and 12 in
Density-4 Lyra. The 9 remaining GA Signet Councils appointed at this
time, which serve as appointed Guardians of Universal Star Gates
1through 9, are composed of various different Star Leagues and their
Guardian Angelic Nations. Signet Council 9 is the Council of
Mirach-Andromeda. The Council of Mirach is composed of a collective of
Emerald Covenant Guardian Angelic Races, predominantly those of the
Amethyst Order Bra-ha-Rama Cetacean lineage, from the Andromeda Star
League, who serve as guardians of the D-9 Mirach Star Gate-9 in the
Andromeda star system Etheric matter Density-3. Signet Council 8 is the
Council of Mintaka-Orion; it is composed of Emerald Covenant Guardian
Angelic Races from the Orion Association of Planets, who serve as
guardians of the D-8 Mintaka Star Gate-8 in the Orion star system
Etheric matter Density-3. Due to the high concentration of Drakonian
Fallen Angelic Legions predominant in the Orion star system, which
places Star Gate-8 in a more vulnerable position, the Council of Mintaka
is directed by the Gold Order Seraphei-Seraphim Aethien Mantis and
Emerald Order Elohei-Elohim Feline-hominid Christos Founders Races from
Lyran High Council. Signet Council-7 is the Council of Epsilon, often
referred to as the Sirian-Arcturian Coalition; it is composed of various
Emerald Covenant Guardian Angelic Nations from various stellar regions,
who serve as guardians of the D-7 Arcturus Star Gate-7. Since attempts
of Bio-Regenesis and Amnesty Contracts were accepted by several Anunnaki
Fallen Angelic Legions about 554 million years ago, the populations of
the Arcturian Federation of Planets evolved to include 2 primary race
lines. The original and oldest race line of the Etheric Density-3
Arcturian system is a diversified Emerald Covenant Guardian Angelic
Amphibian-hominid lineage of the Amethyst Order Bra-ha- Rama. The
secondary lineage of the Arcturian system emerged through Annu-Elohim
invasion of the Arcturian sector with their "Bipedal Dolphin People" of
Sirius and their Necromiton Anunnaki-Drakonian hybrid race from Orion
and Nibiru. Certain factions of the Arcturian Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic
races accepted Amnesty Contracts with the GA Azurite Races of Sirius B
554 million years ago, creating the Sirian-Arcturian Coalition. The
Sirian-Arcturian Coalition, whose primary base in the Bootes-Arcturus
constellation is on theDensity-3 planet Epsilon, progressively united
the Emerald Covenant races of the Arcturian Federation of Planets,
granting them protection from the dominent Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic
Legions in this region. In the appointment of the Sirian-Arcturian
Coalition as GA Signet Council 7, the primary guardians of D-7 Arcturus
Star Gate-7, they became known as the Council of Epsilon. Presently,
large factions of Annu-Elohim from the Sirian-Arcturian Coalition have
defected from the Council of Epsilon and withdrawn from the Emerald
Covenant, in favor of Anunnaki dominion agendas. The D-7 Council of
Epsilon (Sirian-Arcturian Coalition), headed by the MC Eieyani Master
Council, Azurite Universal Templar Security Team, and remaining Emerald
Covenant loyal members of the Arcturian Federation of Planets still hold
Arcturus Star Gate-7 under Guardian Angelic protection. In September
2000, Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic members of the Arcturian Federation of
Planets launched a conquest to seize control of the D-7 Arcturus Star
Gate-7. The results of this campaign are yet to be determined. GA Signet
Council-6, Sirius B, Indigo Children And "Christiac Grail Lines" The 6
remaining GA Signet Councils that protect Universal Star Gates 1 through
6 in the Densities 1 and 2 (dimensions 1-6) systems operate under the
direct supervision of the MC Eieyani Master Council ("Sirian or Azurite"
Council) of Density-5. The MC Eieyani Council attends directly to the
needs of the 6 Signet Councils in the lower- dimensional Densities,
through their incarnate representatives in the Sirius B Azurite and
Oraphim Angelic Human Eieyani race lines. Though the MC Eieyani Master
Council oversees all IAFW activities from the Density-5 Primal Light
Fields, they directly intervene when needed in distressed areas of the
Time Matrix. Since the restatement of the Emerald Covenant 570 million
years ago, and subsequent creation of the GA, Guardian Oraphim Angelic
Human and avenging Anunnaki Fallen Angelic races, the MC Eieyani Master
Council has maintained a biological presence in regions compromised by
the chaos of Fallen Angelic Legion conquest. The Densities 1 and 2
(dimensions 1-6) Physical and Semi-Etheric matter systems have been
embroiled in continuing Fallen Angelic Legion conflict since the
Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Legions created the Anunnaki avenger race to
destroy the Angelic Human and Emerald Covenant Guardian Angelic race
lines. Since the formation of the GA, the MC Eieyani Master Council has
retained a strong presence within the Densities 1 and 2 systems of which
Earth is a part, in a continuing effort to bring peace to the regions of
this "Guardian Angelic Human VS Anunnaki Fallen Angelic" conflict.
Operating from bases on Sirius B, Sirius A, Inner Earth and numerous
other interdimensional galactic locations, the MC Eieyani Master Council
has attempted to guide the 6 GA Signet Councils of Densities 1 and 2 in
establishing peaceful co-evolutionary relations and opportunities for
Fallen Race rehabilitation. The 6 GA Signet Councils working under MC
Eieyani Master Council guidance are the appointed guardians of Universal
Star Gates 1 through 6. The council responsible for guardianship of
Density-2 Semi- etheric Sirius B Star Gate-6 is a smaller branch of the
MC Eieyani Master Council that usually goes by the name of the Council
of Azurline. The Council of Azurline is also sometimes more loosely
referred to as the "Eieyani Council," "Sirian Counci,l" or "Azurite
Council," denoting its direct affiliation with the "MC Eieyani Master
Council." The appointment of the Council of Azurline as guardians of
Sirius B Star Gate-6 570 million years ago represented a crisis
intervention plan. The plan was orchestrated through the Council of
Azurline on Density-2 Sirius B, and directed by the Yanas (beyond Time
Matrix) and Density-5 (dimensions 13-14-15) MC Eieyani Master Council,
Azurite Universal Templar Security Team and Breneau Order Founders Races
of the IAFW and GA. Guardian Angelic race intervention was initiated due
to the long and continuing history of warring between the Annu-Elohim
and Drakonian-Seraphim Fallen Angelic Legions in this region, and their
mutual, though competitive, intention of enslaving and destroying the
Guardian Angelic Nations of the Angelic Human and Emerald Covenant
races. The Sirius B Council of Azurline manifests through a hybrid
Sirius B Azurite and Taran Oraphim Angelic Human Blue Angelic Human race
line called the Maharaji (pronounced "Ma-ha-ra'-G") or sometimes "Maji"
(pronounced "Ma'-G"). The name Maharaji means "Mahara embodied"; the
word Mahara is derived from the word Maharata. The word Maharata refers
to the Eternal Life Current, that is made up of the combined frequencies
of Pre-matter dimensions 10, 11 and 12, which compose the Density-4
Pre-matter Fields of Hydroplasmic Liquid Light, most often called the
"Christos Field." The Density-4 Maharata Eternal Life Current is the
smallest of 3 Primal Life-Force Currents that perpetually feed energy
and consciousness into our Time Matrix; the Maharata is often referred
to as the "Christiac Current." The frequencies of the Maharata and those
of the Primal Light and Sound Fields beyond it represent the "3 Eternal
Life, or Primal Life-Force, Currents." When the frequencies of Density-4
and above are embodied, a biological being can undergo full cellular
transmutation, returning to the Density-4 Liquid Light Pre-matter state
for full Ascension out of Density, rather than experiencing repeated
cycles of death and rebirth within the Density system life cycles. The
ability to fully embody the Eternal Life Currents within a physically
manifest form is conditional upon having a minimum of 12-Strand DNA
potential, a "Holy Grail Line" or "Christiac" genetic code. Unlike the
Fallen Angelic races, the Azurite, Angelic Human and Maharajhi Eieyani
race lines carry the 12 to 48 Strand DNA Template potential
characteristic to the Founders Races, and are thus considered "Christiac
Grail Line" races. The "Christiac Grail Line" Maharaji Blue Angelic
Human Azurite-Eieyani race of Density-2 Sirius B carries the fully
activated 12- dimensional spectrum of the Density-4 Christos Maharata
frequencies within their bodies through sustained activation of 12
Strands of their 48-Strand DNA Templates. A being with sustained
activation of 12 DNA Strands and resulting embodiment of the Maharata
and its corresponding12-dimensions of conscious awareness is known as an
embodied "Mahara"(bearer of the Maharata eternal life current), "Avatar"
or "Christed Being." Like other strains of the Azurite and Oraphim
Angelic Human MC Eieyani "Grail Line" races, the Maharaji of Sirius B
can consciously choose to activate the remaining dormant portions of the
DNA Template. Activation of DNA Strand Templates 1- 30 allows a being to
fully embody the frequencies and consciousness of the Kee-Ra-ShA Primal
Sound Fields of Density-5 (dimensions 13-14- 15). A manifest being that
activates the Kee-Ra-ShA within its body and consciousness becomes what
is known as a Rishi or "Rashana"(bearer of the "Kee-Ra-ShA eternal life
current), a fully embodied "Eternal Light-Being." Additional activation
of DNA Strand Templates 30-48 allows a being to fully embody the
frequencies and consciousness of the Khundaray Primal Sound Fields from
the Energy Matrix beyond the Time Matrix. When a being activates
Khundaray within its body and consciousness it becomes what is known as
a Khundara or "Yani," a fully embodied Yanas, which is the legitimate
use of the term "Ascended Master." The primary earthly human lineage is
an Angelic Human Christiac Grail Line that carries the dormant 12-Strand
DNA Template potential; certain portions of earth human Grail Line
populations carry the 24-48 Strand DNA Template of the Rishi and Yani
"Eieyani Grail Lines." The Eieyani Grail Line humans presently incarnate
on Earth are known as the Types 1 and 2 Indigo Children. Other portions
of the earth-human populations carry 9, 10 and 11-Strand DNA Template
mutations resulting from ancient race hybridization with Anunnaki and
Drakonian Fallen Angelic Legions. All humans can reverse-mutate dna
template distortions and bring dormant DNA template potentials into
activation through self- generated DNA bio-regenesis technologies,
through which the 12-strand DNA angelic human potential can be
progressively restored and reactivated within the operational DNA. This
is precisely what visiting Fallen Angelic Legions do not want
contemporary humanity to accomplish. The Annu-Elohim, Anunnaki and
Drakonian-Seraphim Fallen Angelic Races possess a digressive maximum of
11 and 10 Strand DNA Template potential respectively. As the Fallen
Angelic Legions cannot embody the 12th-dimensional frequencies of the
Maharata "Christiac Current" due to absence of the 12th DNA Strand
Template; they carry what is considered to be the "Anti-Christiac" or
"Anti-Christ" genetic code. The "Anti-Christ genetic code" can be
restored to its original "Christiac" capacity through DNA Bio-Regenesis,
IF the Fallen Angelic Races choose to do so. Fallen Angelic race
founders from Density-4, dimensions 10 and 11, intentionally choose to
retain their "Anti- christiac" genetic code and that of their manifest
races. If the full 12th Strand DNA Template were regenerated within the
biological Fallen Angelic race lines, the Fallen Angelic founders of the
Density-4 system could no longer incarnate into the rehabilitated
biological lineage. The Chriastic Founders Races could incarnate into
genetically restored race lines, to rehabilitate the Fallen Angelics'
historically warring mentality and redirect their exploitative
control-dominion agendas back into peaceful co-evolution through the
Emerald Covenant, which is precisely what the Fallen Angelic race
founders do not want to do. During the formation of the GA Signet
Councils 570 million years ago, the MC Eieyani Master Council of
Density-5 incarnated into the Azurite race line of Sirius B. Following
the creation of the Oraphim Angelic Human lineage 568 million years ago,
the Sirius B Azurites further combined their genetic imprint with
certain lines of the new Oraphim Angelic Human lineage, creating the
specialized Azurite- Oraphim Blue Angelic Human hybrid Maharaji race of
Density-2 Sirius B. Both the Sirius B Azurites and Maharaji races are
often referred to as the "Sirian Blues." The Maharaji Azurite-Humans
were imbued with additional genetic coding that would allow them to
biologically interface directly with the energetic templates of Star
Gates 1 through 6 in the Universal Templar Complex. The specialized
Maharaji 46-48- Strand DNA Template allowed the MC Eieyani Master
Council members to incarnate through this form to retain "over-ride
potential" on opening and closing of Universal Star Gates 1 through 6.
This additional security measure was taken in case the 6 Signet
Councils, appointed as guardians of Star Gates 1 through 6, succumbed to
Fallen Angelic Legion destruction or dominion. The Maharaji race of
Sirius B forms the Council of Azurline, which to this day remains as the
appointed GA Signet Council 6, in guardianship over the D-6 Sirius B
Star Gate-6 and advisors to GA Signet Councils 1 through 5 in the
lower-dimensional fields. Though similar in physical appearance, the
Sirius B Maharaji "Blue Human" race is not the same race strain as the
Fallen Angelic race line from the Orion system that became known as the
Azrielites or the "Azriel." The Azrielites were created by the
Omicron-Drakonian- Seraphim Fallen Angelic Legion of Density-4,
Dimension-10 Orion, through harvesting of genetic material from Sirius A
Azurites that they had murdered during the Density-2 Sirian Wars 550
million years ago. The Fallen Angelic Azrielite race has been involved
with earthly affairs most recently since the 1930s, in which they
assisted reptilian Zeta Fallen Angelic races in negotiating treaties
with human Illuminati factions.

The Maharaji, Angelic Humans, the Priests of Ur and Melchizedek
Priesthoods When the Oraphim-Turaneusiam Angelic Human lineage of
Density-2 Tara began digressing through Anunnaki Fallen Angelic
infiltration of Tara during the Sirian Wars 550 million years ago (re:
Voyagers Volume-2) the GA Signet Council-6 Maharaji of the Sirius B
Council of Azurline assisted in the DNA Bio-Regenesis of the Taran
Angelic Human lineage. The Maharaji offered hybridization to the
faltering (Lumian) Adami-Kudmon -Turaneusiam Race of Tara creating the
Ceres-Adami-Kudmon-Turaneusiam lineage, who founded the Melchizedek
Cloister Priesthood of Mu on Tara, to assist in rehabilitation of Inner
Christos-Law of One spiritual ethics among rehabilitating Angelic Human
Race lines. The Ceres-Adami-Kudmon- Turaneusiam line of Tara further
interbred for DNA Bio-Regeneis of the original (Lumian) Adami-Kudmon and
(Alanian) Beli-Kudyem Turaneusiam human race lines, fully revitalizing
the original Oraphim- Turaneusiam Angelic Human 12-Strand DNA Template,
creating the Ur-Tarranate Christiac Angelic Human line of Tara. Certain
groups of the Ur-Tarranate Christiac Angelic Human race of Tara received
further DNA Bio-Regenesis from the Sirius B Maharaji about 550 million
years ago, receiving the genetic enhancement of DNA Strand Templates 13
through 23, then Strand Templates 24 to 48. The 24-48 Strand DNA
Template revitalized in the Ur-Tarranate Christiac Angelic Human line is
that characteristic to the original Oraphim Angelic Human Race through
which the 12-Strand DNA Turaneusiam Angelic Human lineage of Tara had
originally been seeded. The genetically enhanced Ur-Tarranates
represented a new strain of the Taran Oraphim "Yani" or "Khundara"
Eieyani Grail Line, through which the Yanas could incarnate into the
Taran drama to initiate further DNA Bio-Regenesis programs among the
Fallen Angelic races. The original Oraphim Yani lineage of Tara, known
as the "Templar Solar Initiates" had suffered genetic digression through
an attempted Bio-Regenesis hybridization program to assist certain
Anunnaki Fallen Angelic factions. The new revitalized
Ur-Tarranate-Oraphim Yani Angelic Human line of 550 million years ago
became known as The Priests of Ur. The Taran Khundara Grail Line Priests
of Ur created the Azurite Temple of the Melchizedek Cloister and the
Melchizedek Cloister Priesthood on Tara, which continues to assist the
Angelic Human lineage of Earth and Inner Earth to this day. Portions of
the Christiac Grail Line Ur-Tarranate Turaneusiam lineage of Tara chose
not to participate in the "Priest of Ur" genetic advancement from the
Maharajhi so that the 12-Strand DNA Template needed to form the
Adami-Kudmon Christiac Grail Line Angelic Human lineage that was to be
seeded on Density-1 Earth could be retained. Through the genetically
rehabilitated "Ur-Tarranate" Turaneusiam Christiac Angelic Human race of
Tara, the Adami- Kudmon Christiac Angelic Human lineage of Tara was
formed. Through the Adami-Kudmon Christiac Grail Line Angelic Human of
Tara, the "12 Tribes" of the Christiac Grail Line Angelic Human lineage
were seeded on Earth 250-25 million years ago. The "12 Tribes" are the 7
Root Races and 5 Cloister Races of the original earthly Angelic Human
Christiac Grail Line, from which contemporary humanity originally
emerged (re: Voyagers Volume-2). The 4th Cloister Race of the 12-Tribes
Angelic Human seeding on Earth retained the closest genetic link to the
Eieyani Priests of Ur from Tara, and were thus called the "Melchizedek
Cloister" Race of Earth. Under the guidance of the Yanas from beyond the
Time Matrix, the Density-5 MC Eieyani Master Council, the Azurite
Universal Templar Security Team, IAFW and GA, the Melchizedek Cloister
Priests of Ur Grail Line of Tara have orchestrated massive DNA
Bio-Regenesis programs among many Fallen Angelic Legions. The Taran
Priests of Ur, most often referred to as the "Eieyani Grail Line Angelic
Humans," " MC Eieyani Priests," or "MC Oraphim Priests of Ur," developed
advanced mastery over the spiritual and scientific aspects of Law of One
spirituality and Universal Unified Field Physics as their Melchizedek
Cloister Priesthood evolved. The MC Eieyani Priests became active
members of the Azurite Universal Templar Security Team, developing
Master Skills in DNA Bio- Regenesis and Kathara ("core template")
Healing, and Planetary, Galactic and Universal Templar Complex mechanics
(Star Gate and planetary core template grid mechanics). Upon seeding of
the 12-Tribes Christiac Angelic Human lineage on Earth 250 million years
ago, the Yanas, Density-5 Eieyani Master Council, Founders Races, IAFW
and GA appointed a branch of the MC Eieyani Priests of Ur from Tara as
the commissioned GA Signet Council 5. GA Signet Council-5 is the Council
of Alcyone, guardians of the Semi-etheric Density-2, D-5 Alcyone Star
Gate-5 in the Pleiades. It is through the Taran Eieyani Grail Line
Priests of Ur and the 4th Melchizedek Cloister Race of the 12-Tribes
Christiac Angelic Human seeding on Earth, that the Melchizedek Cloister
Priesthood , the first Melchizedek Priesthood as endorsed by the
Founders and Yanas, was originally brought to Earth 250 million years
ago. The Melchizedek Cloister Priesthood of the Eieyani Priests of Ur
has always been an egalitarian, non-gender-biased priesthood that
propagated the peaceful, Law of One "freedom-teachings' of the Emerald
Covenant, and the Sacred Spiritual-Science Ascension teachings of the
Maharata- the Inner Christos, as endorsed by the Founders Races and
Yanas. During the first seeding of 12-Tribes 25 million years ago, the
"Bipedal Dolphin People-Anunnaki" Fallen Angelic Legions of Sirius A,
infiltrated through forced hybridization, a portion of the first
Cloister Human race of Earth, the Christiac Angelic Human Ur-Antrian
Cloister Race. The 11-Strand DNA Template digressive Anunnaki-Ur-Antrian
hybrid became known as the Eurantia and later as the "Urantia" Fallen
Angelic race line, through which D-11 Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Legions
incarnated on Earth in an attempt to overtake the Christiac Angelic
Human lineage. The 12-Tribes Christiac Angelic Human lineage was
intended to serve as guardians of Earth's Halls of Amenti star gates.
The Fallen Annu-Elohim Legions wanted to claim Earth's territories as
their own, just as they had tried to do 550,750,000 years ago on Tara,
Earth's Density-2 counterpart planet (re: Voyagers Volume-2), with the
infiltration and corruption of the Taran Oraphim "Templar Solar
Initiates." The evolution of the Oraphim-Turaneusiam Eieyani Angelic
Human lineage has been riddled with war and strife since its creation
568 million years ago, as Fallen Angelic Legions have continually
attempted to re-direct its evolutionary path into Fallen Angelic
dominion. This warring was brought to Earth from Tara 250-25 million
years ago and has continued ever since, requiring 3 seedings of the
Christiac Angelic Human race lines. We are presently in Seeding-3 of the
12-Tribes Christiac Angelic Human evolutionary cycle. Following creation
of the digressive Urantia Cloister Race by Sirius A Anunnaki Fallen
Angelic Legions 25 million years ago, the Annu-Elohim of Density-4,
dimension-11, have continued promotion of the false creed of the
corrupted "Templar Solar Initiates" from Tara among evolving 12-Tribes
Christiac Angelic Human nations on Earth. The Yanas, Eieyani Master
Council, Founders Races, IAFW, GA, Azurites, Eieyani Priests of Ur and
Guardian Angelic races of the Emerald Covenant have simultaneously
continued to return the teachings of truth as endorsed by the Founders
and Yanas. The teachings of freedom that are the rightful heritage of
the Christiac Angelic Human lineage of Earth are the Sacred Spiritual-
Science teachings of the Maharata-Inner Christ and the historical record
of creation in this Time Matrix as revealed through the evolution of the
Emerald Covenant. The false creed of the Fallen Angelic Annu-Elohim,
Anunnaki and digressive "Oraphim-human Templar Solar Initiates" of Tara,
that was brought to Earth through the Urantia Fallen Angelic
hybrid-human cloister race 25 million years ago, promotes the worship of
external gods, angelics and false saviors. The false "Templar" creed
discards the true teachings of the Inner Christ and human freedom,
deceives humanity into powerlessness, fear and subservience, and
distracts humanity from embracing its heritage as an Angelic Race,
placing human destiny at the mercy of false-gods. Through promotion of
this false, patriarchal, externalized Christ Fallen Angelic Templar-
Anunnaki Creed humanity's right to have a personal, loving and
empowering relationship with Source-God and the Founders Races is
denied. The false patriarchal creed of the Fallen Angelic Templar Solar
Initiates and Fallen Angelic Annu-Elohim Anunnaki is designed to
continually enslave, digress and dis-empower the Angelic Human lineage.
The Templar Creed is promoted falsely under the name of a "Melchizedek"
Creed. In contemporary times, the false Templar- Melchizedek Creed
emerges through numerous guises under the names of various false "Father
God" personifications that evolved after the fall of the Atlantian
Islands in 9558 BC. Beginning with the
Sirian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki-Drakonian false "Anu" Father-God
personification in the ancient Sumerian cities, followed by the false
Father-God personification of the competing Sirius A "Bipedal Dolphin
People-Anunnaki" and many other renditions of competing control dogmas,
human religions have evolved as a snare for self-perpetuated
enslavement. (re: Voyager Volume-2 Update Section.) Earth has become a
self-regulated prison for the angelic human lineage; this is precisely
what Fallen Angelic Legions have intended to create through distorting
true spiritual-science teachings into dis-empowering control dogmas. In
the contemporary New Age Movement, the Templar-Melchizedeks, directed by
several Annu- Elohim and Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki factions that have
controlled the Density-2 D-4 Solar Star Gate-4 since seizing it from
Guardian protection in 25,500 BC, are again promoting the
Templar-Melchizedek false creed directly among human populations.
Presently there are many "Melchizedek" groups emerging within Earth's
global cultural arena, through the subtle contact of "channeling" and
overtly through physical contact with selected humans. Some contemporary
Melchizedek Groups are legitimate expressions of the Founders
Melchizedek Cloister Eieyani Priests of Ur lineage. True Cloister
Melchizedek Priesthoods all emerge from the "Melchizedek Cloister Order
of the Yunasai," the Melchizedek Cloister Emerald Order Yanas collective
from the Eckatic Level of the Energy Matrix, beyond the 15-dimensional
Time Matrix. True Guardian- Melchizedeks will always acknowledge the
Order of the Yunasai as their Source, while Annu-Elohim
Templar-Melchizedek Priesthoods will "pay homage" to Melchizedek Orders
that go by other names. True Guardian-Melchizedek Priesthoods and their
representatives do not teach a patriarchal creed, they teach gender and
race equality and they do not promote the worship of an externalized
god. True Guardian Melchizedeks do not teach the "Christ Crucifixion"
story, but rather reveal the truth as it is recorded in the Yanas' and
Founders' Records. The Yanas and Founders historical records of
dimension-15 and the Eckatic Energy Matrix reveal the "Christ story" of
the Essene Eieyani Priest of Ur born in 12 BC--- Jesheua Sananda
Melchizedek---the Emerald Order Christed Angelic Human Yani Avatar with
a fully activated 12-Strand DNA Template, who became known as "Jesus
Christ." (see: Voyagers Volume-2) Jesheua Sananda Melchizedek AKA "Jesus
Christ" incarnated on behalf of the Density-5 Melchizedek Cloister
Eieyani Master Council, Founders Races, IAFW, GA, and the Azurite
Universal Templar Security Team; he entered human incarnation through
the D-6 Sirius B Maharaji Council of Azurline. Jesheua-Jesus incarnated
on Earth to return the Yanas' Melchizedek Cloister teachings of the
Inner Christ, and to assist in redirecting the distorted
Templar-Melchizedek creed that had flourished on Earth since the fall of
Atlantis, in order to bring the peoples and religions of the world
together under a common banner of Mutual Love, Respect and Angelic Human
Freedom, in preparation for the scheduled 2012-2017 AD opening of
Earth's Halls of Amenti Star Gates and subsequently humanity's
opportunity to reenter the Founders Emerald Covenant. Jesheua Sananda
Melchizedek, AKA Jesus Christ, was not crucified and did not die.
Jesheua or "Jesus" ascended through the Arc of the Covenant passage via
Sirius B Star Gate-6 in 27 AD, following completion of translations of
parts of the Founders' Maharata- Inner Christ Spiritual-Science Texts
and after fathering a new, revitalized Eieyani Christiac Angelic Human
Grail Line on Earth. Jesheua's lineage of 6 children, fathered between
18 AD-23 AD, are the forefathers of the Indigo Children Eieyani Grail
Line that has been progressively incarnating on Earth for the last 100
years. The story of "Christ's Crucifixion" was staged by the
Annu-Elohim. In 325 AD the remnants of Jesheua's Melchizedek Cloister
Inner Christ teachings and the history of his family line were edited
and distorted by the Council of Nicea and the Church of Rome in their
assembly of the book that became the "Canonized Bible." The Council of
Nicea distorted the remaining Essene True Inner Christ Teachings into a
Fear-based Control Dogma, intended to up-lift the political cause of the
Roman Empire to world dominion. "Jesus Christ" was real, but many of the
stories told about him are not. What he stood for, the
Maharata-teachings of the Inner Christ and the Founders' Emerald
Covenant was, and still is, truth. Due to corruption of the power-elite
within human governments in the ancient world, Christianity was robbed
of the truth that Jesheua- Jesus tried to reveal, and all of humanity
has been subsequently robbed of the freedom, enlightement, unity, love
and joy that Jesheua's teachings were intended to inspire. Jesheua was
not the only Speaker of the Emerald Covenant. Since humanity was first
seeded on Earth, the GA, IAFW, Eieyani Master Council, Founders Races,
MC Priests of Ur, and the Council of Azurline have made repeated
attempts, at times temporarily successful, to return humanity's rightful
teachings of freedom and divine connection. Every time the Emerald
Covenant teachings were provided by representatives of the Founders, the
meaning and purpose eventually became distorted into control dogmas by
corrupt human factions that operated under Fallen Angelic influence.
Through the loss of the ancient teachings of Jesheua Sananda
Melchizedek-Jesus, and the many Emerald Covenant Speakers who came
before him, humanity was also denied the privilege and responsibility of
the Angelic Human heritage, and through this denial, we have temporarily
lost the memory of our Christiac Angelic Human potential. With loss of
this memory we have also misplaced Reverent Respect for ourselves, each
other, our planet and its Life-field, and God. Through forgetting our
Angelic Human heritage, we have also misplaced the privilege that would
come as a natural circumstance of our Christiac Legacy--- eternal life,
which is the natural product of 12- Strand DNA Template Christos Angelic
Human evolution. Communion with Fellow Guardian Angelic Nations that is
accomplished through open use of Earth's star gates. Passage through
Earth's natural Star Gates into the "Higher Heavens" of our
15-dimensional Time Matrix, ascension from Density, to experience
whenever we desire, reunion and conscious, perpetual co-creative
At-ONE-ment with Source-God. These privileges and the responsibility
toward personal, race, planetary, galactic and universal evolution that
such privilege implies, represent our heritage as Christiac Angelic
Humans. We will be enabled to claim the Divine Rights and
Responsibilities of the Angelic Human heritage when we allow ourselves
to embrace our Inner Christos potential, through which the Angelic Human
spirit can awaken in embodiment. The irony of human evolution is that
the Fallen Angelic Legions have served as the Promoters and Instigators
of our spiritual and thus physical imprisonment, but we have been, and
continue to be, the Executors and Administrators of own Living-Death
Sentence. Inadvertently, we perpetuate our imprisonment in mortal
limitation and recreate the symbolic crucifixion of the Living Inner
Christ, as we have been tricked into placing our salvation in the hands
of the very Fallen Angelic Legions that the Angelic Human lineage was
created to restore and heal. It remains the Human Prerogative as to what
interpretation of reality, and what definition of Self and God we will
choose to acknowledge, honor and act upon. As Jesheua
Melchizedek---Jesus---tried to show us, the true Savior of our race has
Always lived within each of us, as the sleeping Inner Christed Self that
struggles to awaken. Jesheua-Jesus, and the many Emerald Covenant
Speakers that came before him, have tried to bring this truth to us and
demonstrate its power; so that we, as the Guardian Christiac Angelic
Race that we are, might finally re-awaken to set ourselves, our Souls
and our planet free from the illusion of mortal limitation and the
manipulation of Fallen Angelic dominion. 2000 years ago humanity was
faced with a choice of allowing the Inner Christos to lead us home, or
to Crucify the Inner Christ that Jesheua-Jesus modeled for us through
the worship of externalized God- personifications. We are faced with
this same choice again between 2000-2017, and the Fallen Angelic Legions
will do their best to provide us with all opportunity to make a
misinformed decision. On behalf of the Yanas from beyond the Time
Matrix, the Density-5 MC Eieyani Masters Council, Founders Races, the
Azurite Universal Templar Security Team, Eieyani Priests of Ur, IAFW, GA
and Guardian Angelic Races of the Emerald Covenant, and in support of
the causes of Angelic Human freedom and the continued healing and
survival of Earth, GA Signet Council-6, the Council of Azurline,
guardians of Sirius B Star Gate-6 and progenitors of the Indigo Children
Eieyani- Christiac Angelic Human race line presently incarnate on Earth,
are revealing this historical information pertaining to the "Christ
Story" and Pre-ancient Angelic Human evolution because, the time has
come. Since the failure of the intended Star Gate Opening Cycle of
22,326 BC, All Angelic Nations have been quite aware that a Major
Confrontation, over the evolutionary destiny of Earth humanity, would
occur between Guardian and Fallen Angelic Legions upon the next due Star
Gate Opening Cycle of 2000-2017 AD. Many times, such as during the
"Christ Drama" of 12 BC-27 AD, Guardian Nations have tried to prepare
humanity for peaceful navigation through this pending confrontation, and
many times they have attempted to negotiate peaceful resolutions to this
scheduled conflict with Fallen Angelic Legions, before the time of final
conflict arrived. The Final Conflict, Star Gate-6, Maji Priests of
Azurline and the "Christ Drama" The natural Star Gate Opening Cycle that
was due to occur in 22,326 BC failed and Earth's Halls of Amenti star
gates did not open, because the Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki Council,
which was once part of the GA Signet Council 5 Alcyone Council, broke
their Emerald Covenant agreements in 25,500 BC. Reverting to Annu-Elohim
Fallen Angelic dominion agendas, the Nibiruian Council and related Annu-
Elohim Fallen Angelic groups seized control of the Density-2, D-4 Sol
Star Gate-4, to which the Nibiruian Council had once been entrusted with
guardianship. The Density-2, D-4 Sol Star Gate-4, the 4th of the 12 Star
Gates in the Universal Templar Complex, is the connection point between
the Density-2 universe (dimensions 4-5-6) and Universal Star Gate-3 in
the Density-1 (dimensions 1-2-3) universe. The Sol Star Gate--4 is the
primary passageway between Density-1 and Density-2 universes. Universal
Star Gate-3 is located at Earth's core. Earth's Halls of Amenti star
gates, which connect to the Density-2 planet Tara and many other areas
within the 4 Densities of our Time Matrix, connect to the star gates of
the Universal Templar Complex through the D-3 Earth Star Gate-3. When
the Pleiadian-Nibiruian Council defected from the Emerald Covenant and
Alcyone Council in 25,500 BC and turned D-4 Sol Star Gate-4 over to
Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic dominion, they effectively blocked Earth's
Halls of Amenti at the D-4 Sol Star Gate. Since 25,500 BC, the
Annu-Elohim, Pleiadian-Nibiruians and related Anunnaki Fallen Angelic
Legions have attempted to keep Guardian Angelic nations out of earth
involvement, while keeping the Angelic Human souls of Earth locked into
repeated cycles of reincarnation on Earth, blocking their passage of
Ascension through the Sol Star Gate-4. Since the fall of Sol Star Gate-4
to Fallen Angelic dominion in 25,500 BC, Guardian Angelic Nations, under
the direction of the Yanas, Density-5 MC Eieyani Master Council, IAFW
and GA have intervened on Earth directly. Through the technical Templar
Science expertise of the Sirius B Maharagi, Taran MC Priests of Ur and
the Azurite Universal Templar Security Team, the Guardians reopened the
Sirius B Star Gate-6 passage to Earth. The Star Gate-6 passage, called
the Halls of Amorea, and later in Egyptian times, the "3rd Eye of
Horus," connects the Density-1, D-3 Earth Star Gate-3 directly to
Density-2, D-6 Sirius B Star Gate-6, bypassing D-5 Alcyone Star Gate-5
and D-4 Sol Star Gate- 4, and thus circumnavigating the star gate
passages controlled by Annu- Elohim Fallen Angelic Minions. The Sirius B
Star Gate-6 Amorea passage had originally been used by Guardian Nations
to orchestrate Seeding-2 of the Angelic Human 12-Tribes 3,700,000 years
ago. The Amorea passage had been damaged in the Thousand Years War of
846,000 BC, requiring the current Seeding-3 of the 12-Tribes to be
conducted in 798,000 BC through the new passage of the Arc of the
Covenant, which was created in 838,000 BC for this purpose. The MC
Eieyani Priests of Ur and Maharagi of Sirius B repaired the Amorea
passage between Earth and Sirius B Star Gate-6 in 22,500 BC and entered
full incarnation on Earth through a new Eieyani Indigo Children Grail
Line. The new Sirius B Priests of Ur Grail Line of Earth, referred to as
the Eieyani Melchizedek Cloister, the "Priests of Azurline" or the "Magi
Priests of Azurline--MC," presence on Earth was intended to be
temporary. The Maji Priests of Azurline-MC were to remain in seclusion
within their "Hidden Cities" on Earth, only until completion of the
Guardian mission intended for the 22,326 BC Star Gate Opening Cycle.
(re: Voyagers Volume-2, Update Section.) The Maji Azurline Priests-MC
were commissioned by the Density-5 Emerald Order Eieyani Master Council
to free Earth and its Angelic Human lineage from advancing Annu-Elohim
and Pleiadian-Nibiruian Anunnaki Fallen Angelic infiltration, which was
progressively overrunning Atlantian culture through the Nibiruian's hold
on Sol StarGate-4. Many thousands of years of negotiations between
Guardian Angelic and Fallen Angelic High Councils had failed, and the
Annu- Elohim Fallen Angelic Legion, through their Pleiadian-Nibiruian-
Anunnaki, intended to orchestrate their final strike against the Angelic
Human populations of Earth. On behalf of the Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic
Legion of D-11, the Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki intended to temporarily
evacuate their hybrid races among human population, then use their
Battle Star Nibiru (not the same stellar body as the planet Nibiru) to
force Earth into pole shift. During a Star Gate Opening Cycle, when the
connections between the Sun's Sol Star Gate-4 and Earth's Star Gate-3
are volatile and delicate, the Nibiruians could easily orchestrate pole
shift on Earth, in order to clear Earth's territory of the Angelic Human
lineage, for their own intended re-colonization. In 22,326 BC, the
Nibiruian-Anunnaki intended to use the Battle Star Nibiru to break the
natural electro- magnetic field bridge between the Sun's Sol Star Gate-4
and Earth Star Gate-3, which would throw the planet into pole shift over
a 3 to 8 year period. The Maji Azurline Priests of Ur-MC were sent into
the Earth drama to prevent this cataclysm from occurring. The only way
Guardian Angelic Nations could prevent the Nibiruian-Anunnaki Fallen
Angelic Legion from throwing Earth into pole shift, was to override
Nibiruian control of Sol Star Gate-4. Through activating Sirius B Star
Gate-6, and using the Star Gate-6 Halls of Amorea passage to hold
Earth's electro- magnetic fields securely in alignment with Sol Star
Gate-4 and Alcyone Star Gate-5 during Earth's 22,326 BC Star Gate
Opening Cycle. The Maji Azurline Priests MC 22,326 BC Earth Crisis
Intervention Mission was only partially successful. Guardian Nations had
hoped the Maji Priests would be able to secure Earth's electromagnetic
fields, then use Sirius B Star Gate-6 to break Nibiru's hold over Sol
Star Gate-4, to bring Star Gate-4 and Earth back under full Guardian
protection. Once Earth's Halls of Amenti star gates were secured, the
Maji Azurline Priests MC intended to prepare Earth populations for
physical visitation from the GA Signet-5 Alcyone Council and Signet-6
Council of Azurline. The GA Council of Alcyone, guardians of Density-2,
D-5 Alcyone Star Gate-5 in the Pleiades, were to prepare human
populations for entry into a restatement of the Emerald Covenant
Universal Co-evolution Agreement. If earth humans chose to enter and
honor the Emerald Covenant, the Council of Azurline, guardians of
Density-2, D-6 Sirius B Star Gate-6 were to offer official invitation
into the Emerald Covenant. The Maji Priests of Azurline were to provide
the true Emerald Order Melchizedek Cloister Priests of Ur teachings of
the Maharata-"Inner Christ," DNA Bio- Regenesis and Masters Templar
Mechanics to enable the Angelic Humans of Earth to heal and re-awaken.
Through implementation of the Emerald Order MC teachings, the Angelic
Human 12-Strand DNA Template could be regenerated among the Earth human
races and the awakened Angelic Humans could create for themselves the
opportunity of self-directed Ascension out of Density or biological
immortality anywhere within the Density systems. Once Earth's Angelic
Humans demonstrated sufficient ethical-spiritual maturity, the Angelic
Humans who chose to remain on Earth would be honored with the commission
of serving as guardians of the D-3 Earth Star Gate-3 and D-4 Sol Star
Gate-4. This was the Maji Priests of Azurline-MC intention when they
entered incarnation on Earth in 22,500 BC, in preparation for Earth's
22,326 BC Star Gate Opening Cycle. The 22,326 BC Star Gate Opening Cycle
did not take place as scheduled. The "Hidden City" of the Maji Azurline
Priests that held the earthly opening to the Sirius B Halls of Amorea
passage was found and directly attacked and destroyed, via physical
visitation to Earth by the Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki (see Voyagers
Vol. 2, Current Events Update Section). Though the Amorea passage
survived the attack, the crystalline technology that the Maji Azurline
Priests were intending to use to override the Nibiruian hold on Sol Star
Gate-4 was damaged, and could not be repaired rapidly enough for use in
the 22,326 BC Star Gate Opening Cycle. The Azurline Council of Sirius B
used Star Gate-6 and the Amorea passage to stop the opening of Earth's
Halls of Amenti Star Gates before the opening cycle began, successfully
preventing the Annu-Elohim and Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki Fallen
Angelic Legions from forcing Earth's pole shift. But the Council of
Azurline and Maji Priests were unsuccessful in freeing Earth, the
Angelic Human lineage and Solar Star Gate-4 from Fallen Angelic
dominion. The intended plan of the Annu-Elohim and Anunnaki Fallen
Angelic Legions was also only partially successful. In the 22,236 BC
confrontation, the Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki Fallen Legions "scored a
victory" in retaining control of Sol Star Gate-4, and thus could
continue their progressive infiltration of Earth and corruption of the
earthly Angelic Human races. But they did not succeed in creating pole
shift and "clearing Earth's real estate" for their resettlement as they
had originally intended to do. The 22,326 BC confrontation between
Guardian Angelic Nations and Annu-Elohim/Anunnaki Fallen Angelic
Legions, over the destiny of Earth human evolution and control of
Earth's Halls of Amenti star gates, was left in a temporary "Stalemate."
Neither side in this polarity drama accomplished what they had set out
to do, and both sides required the event of a natural Star Gate Opening
Cycle on Earth in order to bring their plans into fruition. To prevent
the Annu-Elohim Fallen Angelic Legions' intended destruction of the
Angelic Humans of Earth, Guardian Angelic Nations needed the D-3 Earth
Star Gate-3 and the D-4 Sol Star Gate-4 in the Sun to naturally open.
Natural opening of Earth's star gates would allow Guardian Angelic
Nations the opportunity to secure Earth's Halls of Amenti star gates and
to peacefully retrieve Earth and Sol Star Gate-4 from
Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki Fallen Angelic control. The Annu- Elohim
and their Anunnaki Fallen Angelic Legions need Earth Star Gate-3 and Sol
Star Gate-4 to naturally open in order to have the opportunity to
trigger misalignment of the Earth and Solar star gates during their
activation cycle, through which inevitable pole shift would occur.
During a natural Star Gate Opening Cycle, pole shift could be initiated
by the Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki if they could use their Battle Star
Nibiru to break the electromagnetic link between Earth and the Sun,
before the Guardian Angelic Nations could utilize Sirius B Star Gate-6
to secure the natural Earth-Sun alignment. Like the Guardian Angelic
Nations, the Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki Fallen Angelic Nations also
required the unique conditions of geo and astro-physics characteristic
to a Star Gate Opening Cycle, to fulfill their intended objectives. Both
Guardian Angelic Nations and Fallen Angelic Legions knew that this
conflict was not resolved in 22,326 BC, and that the races would meet
their final confrontation during Earth's next Star Gate Opening Cycle,
the earliest possible date for which was 2000-2017 AD. It was known by
the Angelic Nations Since 22,326 BC, that the ultimate confrontation and
final conflict between Guardian Angelic Nations and Fallen Angelic
Legions was most likely to occur during Earth's 2000-2017 Star Gate
Opening Cycle. This ancient and on-going speculation became historical
fact with the official, irreversible initiation and consummation of
Earth's 2000-2017 Star Gate Opening Cycle on January 1st, 2000 (see:
Voyagers Vol. 2). If Guardian Nations and the Founders Races had taken a
stance of non-interference during the 22,326 BC drama, the Angelic Human
lineage of Earth would have been destroyed and Earth would have evolved
from this point under Fallen Angelic rule. If the Founders Races
permitted the Fallen Angelic Annu-Elohim to take possession of Earth,
and thus Earth's Halls of Amenti star gates, Drakonian races from the
D-10 Fallen Angelic Seraphim Legion would attempt to claim Earth and the
Halls of Amenti from Annu-Elohim rule. Drakonians would invade Anunnaki
settlements of Earth to prevent the D-11 Annu- Elohim, the Drakonian's
ancestral adversaries, from using the Halls of Amenti to fulfill their
desire of exterminating the Fallen Angelic Seraphim races. In the event
that the Earth drama unfolded in this way, Earth would have become a
short-lived battle zone for Fallen Angelic Legion warfare, culminating
in planetary destruction. The same scenario had manifested in 848,000 BC
during the Thousand Years War, (See: Voyagers Vol. 2), culminating in
the total destruction of a planet called Maldak, which once existed in
Earth's galaxy. The only difference between the two dramas is that if
Earth were to meet with a fate similar to Maldak, the highly populated
Pleiadian and Sirian star systems of Density-2 would also be destroyed
due to their connection to the Halls of Amenti. A cataclysm of this
magnitude would cause the collapse of our entire 15-dimensional Time
Matrix; the Universal Templar Complex Star Gates would implode,
culminating in a massive "Super Nova" of all main galaxies in our Time
Matrix. If this travesty were to occur, the consciousness embodied there
within would be reduced to literal "space dust," or units of
undifferentiated consciousness without form or sentient memory. Fallen
Angelic Legions hope to find refuge in other neighboring Time Matrix
systems should their actions inadvertently initiate this event. The
Founders Nations had not intended such chaos, nor had they anticipated
that the polarity dramas within this Time Matrix could reach such
extremes; extremes that threaten the structural integrity and well-being
of other life-systems far beyond our Time Matrix. On directive of the
Yanas from the Energy Matrix, and in order to preserve their original
intentions of peaceful, loving co-evolution, the Density-5 Founders
Races have continued their effort to restore peace and healing to our
Time Matrix. The Founders restoration efforts have been ongoing since
the onset of digression in this Time Matrix during the Lyran- Elohim
Wars 250 billion years ago. Guardian Angelic Nation intervention in
Earth's affairs in 22,326 BC was yet another, comparatively small step
taken in the Founders' plan to restore peace and safety to this Time
Matrix. With the privilege of free will creation once given to the
Founders Races by the Yanas, which set the life-field of our Time Matrix
in motion 950 billion years ago, so too came responsibility for their
creations and their potential influence on other Time Matrix systems.
The Founders know they are accountable for what occurs within this Time
Matrix, and they realize that "they made the mess so it is their
rightful responsibility to clean it up." For this reason the Founders
Races and Guardian Angelic Nations will continue with their crisis
intervention efforts for however long it takes in terms of experiential
"time." The Founders themselves are as weary of this raging polarity
drama as are the uncountable souls of Guardian Angelic Nations that have
continually assisted the Founders in their efforts to heal this Time
Matrix.  Presently, unbeknownst to the human populations of Earth, the
contemporary earthly drama plays a direct and tremendous role in whether
this Universal Polarity Drama has continued possibility for healing. The
Angelic Human Lineage of Earth was created to serve as guardians and
protectors of Earth's Halls of Amenti Star Gates and the Universal
Templar Complex. Guardian Angelic Nations presently need the assistance
of on-planet humans to fulfill the Maji Azurline Priests of Ur 22,326 BC
plan of using the Sirius B Star Gate-6 to prevent Nibiruian-initiated
pole shift on Earth between 2003-2008. The Founders Race crisis
intervention plan cannot be successfully accomplished without a
sufficient team of Angelic Humans and Indigo Children Grail Line humans
on planet, who can render the advanced Planetary Templar Mechanics
needed to override Nibiruian control of Sol Star Gate-4. In 1992,
tentative negotiations called the "Sirian-Pleiadian Agreements" were
secured between Guardian Nations and the Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki
Fallen Angelic Legions of Nibiru. In 1992, much to the outrage of the
D-11 Annu-Elohim and many other Anunnaki Fallen Angelic Legions, the
Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki Council agreed to enter the Emerald
Covenant Co-Evolution Agreement, and promised return of Sol Star Gate-4
to GA Signet Council-6, the Sirius B Maharaji Council of Azurline. Upon
return of Sol Star Gate-4 to Founder Race protection, the Council of
Azurline, Alcyone Council of D-5 Alcyone Star Gate-5 and the Azurite
Universal Templar Security Team, intended to protect Earth from the
contemporary Drakonian pole shift takeover agenda. In 1992 it appeared
that the long dreaded, but anticipated, potential major crisis of an
overt, 3-way confrontation between the Guardian Angelic Nations and
competing Annu-Elohim and Drakonian Fallen Angelic Legions, had been
finally, if only temporarily, resolved through negotiations. With the
combined, co-operative efforts of Guardian Angelic Nations, and the
newly supportive Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnaki, who presently have a
great deal of control over many Ley Lines and Vortices in Earth's
Planetary Templar Complex, protecting Earth through the 2000-2017 Star
Gate Opening Cycle would not be overly difficult to achieve. Following
the 1992 Sirian-Pleiadian Agreements, the focus of Guardian Angelic
Nations was upon preparing Earth's Templar Complex for the 2012 opening
of Earth's Halls of Amenti star gates and readying humanity for the "New
Age of Enlightenment" and humanity's pending entry into the Emerald
Covenant. On September 12th, 2000, the Pleiadian-Nibiruian-Anunnakis
withdrew from the Emerald Covenant and entered alliance with the newly
formed Annu-Elohim-Drakonian United Resistance ("Resistance" to the
Emerald Covenant). On September 12th, 2000, the United Resistance issued
an edict of war against the Angelic Human lineage of Earth and the
Guardian Angelic Nations, if the Guardians refused to immediately
withdraw their support of Earth humanity and leave Earth territories to
the Fallen Angelic pole shift dominion agenda. The Density-5 Eieyani
Master Council and Founders Races refused to withdraw their support of
earth humans, and since September 12th, 2000 the IAFW, GA and the many
other Guardian Angelic Races of the Emerald Covenant were placed on a
state of "Red Alert." This ancient final conflict drama between Guardian
Angelic Nations and Fallen Angelic Legions over the destiny of Earth and
human evolution, has been anticipated by Fallen Angelic Legions with
fervor, and by Guardian Angelic Nations with dread, since the
"Stalemate" of this confrontation that occurred in 22,326 BC. Though
peaceful solutions appeared promising, following the 1992 Sirian-
Pleiadian Agreements, the September 12th, 2000 declaration of War by the
United Resistance confirms that the "Final Round" of this ancient
confrontation will progressively move into the contemporary Earth arena.
The outcome of this drama lies squarely in humanity's hands. Since the
failed Star Gate Opening Cycle of 22,326 BC, Guardian Angelic nations
have repeatedly attempted to awaken the Angelic Humans of Earth so
humanity could create its freedom and prepare for the peaceful but
direct intervention that would be required when the the time of the
final conflict arrived. Since 22,326 BC, and the later fall of the
Atlantian Nations in 9558 BC and subsequent Nibiruian Fallen Angelic
infiltration of Sumerian culture, human evolution has been a continuing
drama of conflict and chaos. (RE: Voyagers Volume- 2, Current Events
Update Section) The remaining records of "ancient human history" cover a
period of time during which competing factions of Fallen Angelic Legions
continually attempted to "secure their ground" within human populations,
in anticipation of the 2000-2017 Star Gate Opening Cycle, when they
planned to "lay their claim" on Earth's territories. Since 22,236 BC to
the present day, Fallen Angelic Legions knew they would attempt to
destroy humanity through pole shift when the final conflict arrived, and
that they would spare only their easily controlled "Chosen Ones" for
digressive colonization. Fallen Angelic Races have envisioned and
promoted "Armageddon" and "End Times" scenario since the 22,326 BC
confrontation, knowing that they intended to instigate war among human
nations on Earth as a precursor to initiating the planetary pole shift
agenda, when the time of the FINAL CONFLICT came. As Fallen Angelic
Legions progressively guided humanity toward their intended 2000-2017
Armageddon "End Times" scenario since 22,326 BC, Guardian Angelic
Nations continually attempted to prepare humanity for peaceful
resolution of this pending "End Times" drama. The Guardians last major
attempt of preparing humanity to serve as the agent of healing in the
2000-2017 Final Conflict, was during the "Christ Period." A Team of Magi
Azurline Priests of Ur, who had been incarnate as members of the Maji
Priests overtaken by the Nibiruians in the 22,326 BC confrontation,
re-entered Earth incarnation. Their purpose was to return the knowledge
of the Emerald Covenant and pending Final Conflict, and to explain the
peaceful solution of reclaiming the Angelic Human-Inner Christ heritage.
Through the Founders Sacred-Science teachings of the Inner Christ,
humanity could learn to re-activate the Angelic Human12-Strand Template,
so humans would again become capable of utilizing advanced Planetary
Templar Mechanics, which are run through the human DNA Template. If
humanity can reawaken the dormant Angelic Human DNA Template, the human
body can biologically interface with the electromagnetic functions of
Earth's Planetary Templar star gate system, as it was originally
designed to do. In actualizing the Angelic Human potential, humans would
not only set themselves free, but could also assist Guardian Angelic
Nations in setting Earth free, by securing Earth's Halls of Amenti and
regaining the Sun's D-4 Sol Star Gate-4 under Guardian Nation
protection. Jesheua Sananda Melchizedek---"Jesus" of the Bible, was the
Magi Azurline Priest of Ur who had, like the other members of his GA
Crisis Intervention Team, incarnated through the Sirius B Council of
Azurline, to return the teachings of the Emerald Covenant and
Melchizedek Cloister Spiritual- Science DNA Template activation training
in preparation for the anticipated 2000-2017 Final Conflict. The
teachings of Jesheua-Jesus, like those of so many Magi Azurline Priests
of Ur before him, were rapidly distorted and destroyed by human power
elite organizations operating under Fallen Angelic Legion influence. The
true historical story of Jesheua-Jesus was twisted, edited, literally
re-written and used by factions of both Annu- Elohim/Anunnaki and
Drakonian Seraphim Fallen Angelic Legions, and their human "puppets," to
promote a control dogma of external Father- God worship. The intention
behind this manipulation of truth was to bury the real truth that
Jesheua-Jesus had provided, and to literally "set humanity up" for the
"big party" that the Fallen Angelic Legions had planned for the days of
the Final Conflict. Fallen Angelic Legions knew that if they could
continue to motivate masses of humans to pledge allegiance to external
figures of Gods and their "Divine Representatives," as they had been
doing since promotion of their Sumerian "Father-God Anu," that plenty of
human "specimens" would be available for hybridization, following the
"End Times" holocaust. All the Fallen Angelics would need to do would be
to visit Earth in the guise of their promoted "Holy Figures" as the End
Times drama unfolded; and humans, robbed of the true power of the Inner
Christ teachings and eager for "salvation," would joyfully follow
wherever the Fallen Angelics might lead. Humans that followed most
devoutly the Fallen Angelics' "appointed Gods and saviors" would be
"rewarded" for their loyalty with "salvation" from destruction via
evacuation, when the time for creating pole shift had come. "Rescued"
humans would feel honored when assigned to "Godly Spouses," and would
feel privileged to participate in "re-colonization" hybridization
programs to "begin a new heaven on Earth." The real "Jesus"- Jesheua,
and the Ascension and Eternal Life that he stood for do indeed exist,
and so do the Heavens and the "House of Many Mansions" that are
manifested by our one Source-God. But the Christ crucifixion story and
the worship of, and transference of personal power to, externalized
personifications of Gods, saviors and deities, was, and still is, an
intentional fabrication promoted by Fallen Angelic Legions. This
deception was created with great motivated intention, to mislead the
Angelic Humans of Earth into inadvertently assisting the Fallen Angelic
Legions to fulfill their ancient quest for Earth's Halls of Amenti Star
Gates and to actualize their long- coveted dream of Earth dominion.
Christianity is not the only world religion that has been robbed of its
original Sacred Intention. Other representatives of real truth have
appeared, at times, in every earth religion, and like the teachings of
Jesheua-Jesus, the teachings of truth have been compromised wherever
Guardian Angelic Nations tried to plant their seeds. All genuine
spiritual teachings of Earth originally emerged from translations of the
Emerald Covenant Founders Races Sacred Spiritual-Science teachings.
Guardian Angelic Nations are now attempting to reveal this disturbing
truth to humanity, NOT because they desire to cause fear, strife or
heartache. Had the current drama on Earth not reached critical
proportions with the September 12th, 2000, United Resistance declaration
of War, it would have been unnecessary to make these revelations so
directly at this time. But due to the manner in which contemporary
events have unfolded, the long-awaited final conflict has arrived. "The
time" is now, whether we choose to believe this while there is still
time to do something effective about it, or whether we realize it "after
the fact," if we have a chance to realize it at all. Though this
manifestation of final conflict is a large and ancient drama that has
made its way back to our door, it is not a drama we need to fear. As
Angelic Humans, we have the power to serve as healing agents within this
conflict, if we are wise and courageous enough to see what is going on,
and to assist Guardian Angelic Nations in peaceful healing strategies.
This is not a conflict that can be resolved by violence. It is a Victory
that can be achieved, but only through Spirit, Wisdom and Love. Becoming
aware of the challenges as they exist within the current drama is half
the battle won! Over the next 8 years it will become increasingly
important for humanity to face the issue of race conflict over the
reality of the power known as God. The unfolding drama will force the
hand and the answer to the question of "Internal God vs. Externally God
Personified vs. No God?" will determine the outcome of the final
conflict, individually and en masse. As they have planned all along, the
Fallen Angelic Legions are now moving forward with their plans of
covertly instigating conflict among human nations; conflicts that are
intended to escalate into World War, in fulfillment of their contrived
"Armageddon" scenario. We can stop this. Part of the Fallen Angelic plan
involves the progressive manifestation of staged "Holy Dramas," as the
Fallen Angelics' "Chosen Ones" are rallied for service and later
evacuation. This rally call is now loud and clear within the New Age
Movement, as well as within the dogmas of Traditional World Religions.
The covert rally call of Fallen Angelic visitors is also heard within
the "UFO Movement," and it is everywhere promoted within the Scientific
Paradigm of Official Denial; denial of both the presence of Visitors and
the existence of the human Soul, through which this conflict can be
healed. The ancient distorted renditions of Historical False-truths will
soon be used to ensnare the human race in a manifest spiritual-political
drama with Fallen Angelic Legions, who plan to misrepresent themselves
as our "saviors" by staging a false "Second Coming of Christ" Drama. In
this drama, representatives of Holy Figures from all major world
religions will appear to come collectively to "save the world" and unify
world religions and governments under a false "Common Humanity" cause. A
cause which is a One-World-Order control agenda in disguise. This drama
will take place between 2002-2012 only if humanity is unable to perceive
the deception. If humanity can re-awaken to the freedom and
responsibilities of the Christiac Angelic human heritage and take
peaceful counter-strategic measures, this pending confrontational drama
does not have to manifest any further than it already has.

The Choice Remains As The Human Prerogative. The only viable solutions
to this progressively manifesting final conflict visitor drama are:
Advanced Planetary Templar Complex Grid Work, through which the Halls of
Amenti Star Gates and Earth's Vortex System can be protected from
further Fallen Angelic Race infiltration; and personal self-generated
DNA bio-regenesis of the dormant angelic human 12-strand DNA template,
through which Advanced Planetary Templar Complex Grid Work can be run,
and by which the human bio- energetic field can be healed and protected.
The Stage for this " false Second-Coming/Armageddon Drama" was
intentionally set many thousands of years ago, by Fallen Angelic Annu-
Elohim and Anunnaki Legions who knew this time period would bring a Star
Gate Opening Cycle. Learning How To Apply The Solutions to resolve this
drama is easy..... Understanding why the Solutions are needed is the
difficult part. To understand the realities of the current drama the
human mind must overcome many thousands of years of false Fallen Angelic
Legion Propaganda, and humanity must reach within to find and awaken the
wisdom, power, freedom and love of the Angelic Human Christed Soul. It
is, at once, that easy...and that hard. If Guardian Angelic Nations did
not fully believe in the love, strength, courage, power, inherent wisdom
and intrinsic purity that lives within the Angelic Human Spirit, they
would not be attempting to awaken the Angelic Humans now. When the
Founders Races, IAFW, GA and Guardian Angelic Legions of the Emerald
Covenant first initiated public contact through the May 1999 publication
of the Voyagers Series, the "final conflict" drama had not yet reached
critical Crisis Status. At that time, the Fallen Angelic Legions' "False
Second Coming" drama had been successfully orchestrated in the Parallel
Earth system, which runs just a bit ahead of us in time. In our reality
system, much hope remained that the 1992 Sirian-Pleiadian Agreements
would allow the final conflict to be resolved through peaceful
negotiation. Events have not manifested on Earth or in the heavens as
the Guardian Alliance hoped. Parallel Earth, in their time line, has
entered an irreversible "slow roll pole shift," which began in November,
2000, in our time line, and will complete with a "rapid roll" in our
year 2009. If we can assist the Guardian Alliance between 2001--2003 in
orchestrating the advanced Planetary Templar Mechanics needed to secure
Earth's Halls of Amenti under Guardian protection, there is still time
to prevent our Earth from being "pulled along" in the Parallel Earth
pole shift. There is still time to prevent the final conflict that will
bring Pleiadian-Nibiruian Fallen Angelic visitors physically to our
door. There is still time for humanity to reclaim its Angelic Human
heritage, just in time to fulfill our original Divine Commission of
serving as Guardians and Keepers of Earth's Halls of Amenti star gates
and the Planetary Templar Complex. The Founders Race teachings are being
progressively provided for those who care enough to learn.

The message of the Yanas, Founders Races, IAFW, GA and Guardian Angelic
Races of the Emerald Covenant

       Beloved Sleeping Angels,

         You are Loved beyond all knowing. You are honored in your

Being. You are cherished as the harbingers of hope for this Time Matrix
that you were originally intended to be. You were born free into Density
and the worlds of manifest illusion, from the Love of Cosmic Source that
is your Home.

       Beloved ones, Choose well…

Choose Love... and then Choose Freedom.

       Angelic Humans, fly!
       Reclaim your rightful place among the Stars!

Temporary Maharic Seal Bio-Regenesis Technique for building
bio-energetic field integrity and accelerating spiritual actualization.
Prior to use: Read through the steps and practice the visualizations and
their sequence slowly, for familiarity. 1. Imagine the 2-dimensional
image of a "Merkaba Star" or six- pointed "Star of David," in the color
of Pale Silver, as if the image is drawn on a black background on the
inside of your forehead. This image represents a composite scalar wave
pattern Keylontic Symbol Code called the "Hierophant." Its color denotes
the frequency spectra of the 11th and 12th Dimensions, and its form,
combined with these color frequencies, represents the control code of
the 12th dimensional frequency band. It is the Key Code to unlock the
12th-Dimensional Maharic Shield in the personal and planetary scalar
grids. 2. INHALE, while visualizing the Hierophant Symbol at the center
of the brain, in the Pineal Gland. 3. EXHALE, while using the exhale
breath to firmly move the Hierophant down the Central Vertical Body
Current (energy current in the center of the body), then out between the
legs and straight down into the Earth's core (your 13th Chakra). 4.
INHALE, while imagining that you can see at Earth's core a huge,
Disc-shaped Crystalline Platform of Pale Silver Light that extends
outward on a horizontal plane through the entire body of the Earth and
out into the atmosphere. Visualize the Hierophant suspended in the
center of the disc (this image represents the Planetary Maharic Shield,
the scalar wave grid composed of dimension 10/11/12 frequency, with the
Hierophant Key Code positioned to activate the Planetary Shield.) 5.
EXHALE, while pushing your breath outward into the Earth's Maharic
Shield, imagining as you exhale that the force of the breath has made
the Earth's Maharic Shield begin to spin. 6. INHALE, using the inhale
breath to draw Pale Silver Light from Earth's spinning Maharic Shield,
into the Hierophant positioned at the center of the Planetary Shield. 7.
EXHALE, using the exhale breath to push the Pale Silver Light throughout
the entire Hierophant making the Hierophant glow and pulsate with Pale
Silver Light.  8. INHALE, imagine that the glowing Pale Silver
Hierophant momentarily flashes Crimson Red and returns to Pale Silver.
Then use the inhale breath to draw the Hierophant vertically up from its
position at Earth's core, to a position 12" below your feet (the
position of your dormant personal Maharic Shield scalar-wave grid). As
you inhale the Hierophant upward from Earth's core, imagine that it
trails a thick cord of Pale Silver Light behind it. One end of the
Silver Cord remains attached to Earth's core, the other attached to the
Hierophant (the Cord represents an "Energy Feed Line" through which you
will draw energy up from the Earth's Maharic Shield into your personal
Maharic Shield) 9. EXHALE with your attention on the Hierophant
positioned 12" below your feet and use the exhale breath to push a burst
of Pale Silver Light outward on a horizontal plane from the Hierophant.
Imagine that a Disc-shaped, Crystalline Platform of Pale Silver Light
about 4' in diameter, extends on a horizontal plane 12" beneath your
feet around the Hierophant at its center. (This image represents your
personal Maharic Shield.) 10. INHALE while using the inhale breath to
draw more Pale Silver Light up through the Pale Silver Cord from Earth's
Core, into the Hierophant at the center of your personal Maharic Shield.
11. EXHALE, using the exhale breath to push the Pale Silver Light from
the Hierophant, out into your Maharic Shield. Imagine that your Maharic
Shield now pulsates, as it fills with the Pale Silver Light from Earth's
Core. 12. INHALE, again drawing more Pale Silver Light up from Earth's
Core through the Pale Silver Cord into the Hierophant, and imagine the
Pale Silver Cord expanding to four feet in width, forming a Pillar of
Pale Silver Light running up from Earth's Core directly into your
four-foot-diameter Maharic Shield. 13. EXHALE, again using the exhale
breath to push Pale Silver Light from the Hierophant outward into your
Maharic Shield, while imagining that your Maharic Shield "takes on a
life of its own," the disc suddenly "folding upward" with a "popping"
sensation, to form a 4' diameter PILLAR of Pale Silver Light all around
and running through your body. (This is your Maharic SEAL, a temporary
scalar-wave pillar of dimension 10/11/12 frequency light that blocks out
disharmonic frequencies from dimensions I through 12, and begins to
realign disharmonic frequencies in your body and bio-field to their
original perfect natural order) 14. INHALE, imagining that the inhale
breath draws the Pale Silver Light from the Pillar encasing the body
into every body cell. Sense the tingling feeling as the Pale Silver
Light moves through the physical body. 15. EXHALE, imagining that you
can feel the energy of the Pale Silver Light expanding into every
crevice of the body and then outward around the body into the Bio-field.
16. Breathe naturally for a minute or two, as the feeling of the Pale
Silver Light moves through you, while sensing the energy presence of the
Maharic Seal Pale Silver Pillar 4' around your body. The more time you
spend breathing and sensing the energies, the more dimension 10/11/12
frequency you are drawing into your Pillar, which will increase the
length of time the Maharic Seal Pillar will remain in your Bio-field 17.
Return your attention to the Hierophant still positioned 12" below your
feet. 18. INHALE, using the inhale breath to draw the Hierophant up
through your Central Vertical Body Current, then out the top of your
head (the 7th "Crown" Chakra), to a point about 36" above the head (the
14th Chakra). 19. EXHALE FORCEFULLY, using the exhale breath to rapidly
expand the Hierophant outward on a horizontal plane at the 14th Chakra,
until the Hierophant suddenly "disappears" from view, with a mild
"popping" sensation. 20. Breathe normally, while visualizing for a
moment a brilliant 4' Pale Silver Pillar of Light extending from the
Earth's Core upward, fully encasing your body and extending far above
the head, into Earth's atmosphere and to a single Star of Pale Blue
Light far off in deep space. Your Maharic Shield is now temporarily
activated, and your Maharic Seal Pillar is temporarily manifest within
your Bio-Field. The Maharic Seal will remain in your Bio-field anywhere
from 20 minutes to 1 hour at first. The more this exercise is practiced,
the longer the Pillar will remain. 21. For quick reinforcement of the
Maharic Seal, once the full process has been run within 24 hours: Simply
Imagine a spark of Pale Silver Light at the Pineal Gland, exhale it
rapidly down to Earth's Core and imagine the Earth's Maharic Shield
spinning. Call to mind the Pale Silver Cord and Inhale the 4' diameter
Cord all the way up around you, forming the Pillar, attaching it "out in
deep space" to the Star of Pale Blue Light. The Short Version of this
technique provides a "manually created" temporary Maharic Seal in your
Bio-Field, and requires manual resetting every 24 hours, with frequent
reinforcement during the day. Using and practicing the full version of
this technique, as described in the Kathara Bio-Spiritual Healing
System™ Level-I Maharic Recoding Process™, will progressively program
the Cellular Memory of the body to hold the Maharic Seal for prolonged
periods of time. With consistent practice of the full technique, over an
extended period of time, the Maharic Seal will function automatically as
a permanent fixture within your Bio-field. In the meantime, the Short
Version of this technique, coupled with reinforcement throughout the
day, will provide Bio-field protection and gentle, regenerative Core
Template realignment for all aspects of the physical and
Subtle-Energy-Body systems. It is recommended to use at least this Short
Version of the Maharic Seal technique prior to ANY energy work,
"channeling," or Astral and Dream Projection. It will not only provide
protection from disharmonic energies; it will also amplify the results
you desire to gain from these activities. It is best to use the Maharic
Seal daily. Used in the morning before starting your day, the Maharic
Seal will help to harmonize personal and environmental energies
throughout the day. Used in the evening prior to sleep, it will begin to
increase conscious memory of sleep-time experience and will protect your
consciousness and body from dis-harmonic energies while you sleep. The
Maharic Seal™ is a Keylontic Science scalar-wave technology built upon
the advanced scientific principles of 15- Dimensional Partiki Mechanics
and Unified Field Vibrational Mechanics and the advanced spiritual
principles of Merkaba Mechanics and the Law of One. Further exploration
of these advanced spiritual- sciences is Presently available through the
training course of the Kathara Bio-Spiritual Healing System™ Certificate
Program and through the introductory Tangible Structure of the
Soul-Accelerated Bio-Spiritual Evolution Program™ audio course, both
available from the Azurite Temple of the Melchizedek Cloister. Index

        The complete index to this book can be found in the printed

edition, available in print at most online retailers. The Table of
Contents links to chapter starts in this Smashwords edition, and the
mothership images, such as the following one, link back to the Table of
Contents.

End Notes 1 The Dogons knew about the star Sirius B, in the Sirius star
system, long before modern science discovered it.

2 Huge, ancient drawings etched into the Nazca desert depicting
geometrical and animal forms, that can only be clearly identified from
an aerial view.

3 "Odd odors" in association with the Zeta often reported by witnesses
or contactees indicate that such "scrambling" tactics are in use. The
odors result as the distorted perceptual data is processed through the
human brain and neurological structures.

4 The human organism, in actuality, has twelve senses, five of which you
have consciously identified, the remaining seven working subconsciously
from your personality's perspective.

5 As energy moves from the Soul Matrix to form the Nadis it "starts at
the center" expanding the Nadis outward from that central point. The
body forms within a certain portion of this expansion and the center
point "closes." The growth process involves bringing in energy from the
expanded regions of the Nadis. When the full supply is used outer layers
of the Nadis collapse, chemical and hormonal patterns shift, and the
body begins the "aging process," using up the Nadial energy now stored
within the mental and emotional bodies and cellular structure. Natural
death occurs when there is no longer enough energy left within cellular
structure to sustain the body mechanisms. However, if the center point
is activated new energy can be brought into the Nadis and it can be
expanded beyond its original form. This renewed energy will pass from
the center point into the mental then emotional bodies and into the
physical body, then outward into the Nadial Capsule. We will deal with
this subject more fully in another transmission/book.

6 Your somewhat distorted concept of "reincarnation" is an attempt to
describe this relationship and its dynamics.

7 Energetic elements that accelerate the chemical properties.

8 The old Zeta agenda in your third-dimensional system at least
reconnected individuals to the Zeta collective mind matrix, from which
life support energy could be drawn. This complex was dismantled in the
fourth-dimensional system when the Zeta were removed from power.

9 Brain function and activity are directed through the chemical and
hormonal systems

10 Depending upon the geographical location from which that population
sample was taken. Some areas of the planet are more conducive to the
Visitor presence.

11 Body talk is one method of "communicating" with the body
consciousness, through monitoring the body's subtle responses to
questioning after creating specific "cues" the body can use as a
language of response.

12 Not all cases of these maladies are created by abduction, but all do
possess the causal element of repressed, emotionally traumatic
experience, which creates chemical and hormonal imbalances that manifest
in perceptual distortion.

13 ...and the seven others you have yet to identify. You have 12 senses,
as you define the concept.

                              Connect with Ashayana Deane at http://www.azuritepress.com